A Person is slowly moving forward.
A person performs a punch with their right hand
One person leads her right fist, forcefully, on the chest forward, it remains left fist against his own breast.
A standing person raises both hands to chest height and performs a rigth forward punch.
a person punches something with its right hand
A person throws a punch using the right fist and stepping forward with the right foot.
A person performs one punch
Boxing with the right hand.
A person walks dramatically forwards and backwards.
A human stepping to the right side
A person doing a side step to the right
a person takes a step to the right side
A person runs slowly and stops.
a human jogs a few steps
A person doing a waving movement with the right hand
A person turns 180° to the left very fast.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
A person is spinning around a 180 degress.
A human playing the guitar
The human is playing guitar
Someone is holding a guitar and playing it with the left hand.
A person puts his/her right hand up and then moves an object in front of him/her on the table closer to him-/herself.
A person is dancing and jumping around.
A person is jumping forward with both feet.
A human walking backwards
A person walks backwards.
A person is walking backwards.
A human boxes with his right hand.
I person is doing a spot turn on his right leg.
A human walks forward a few steps, turns 180 degrees right on his right foot and walks back
A person doing gymnastics on a very high level.
A person runs forward.
A person is jumping in a circle by turning 90 degrees to the left with every jump.
A person walks four steps backward.
human goes backwards
a person walks down some stairs
A person jumps with both legs approximately 30 centimeters forward.
Person waves his hand.
A person waves with their left hand.
A person waves goodbye with his left hand.
A human is whiping vertically in front of his body
A human kicks forward.
sidekick to stomach with left leg
a person kicks something with its left foot
The human perfoms a left kick
a man gives a sidekick
A person walks forward.
the person is turning right
Someone walks in a right bend
A human is walking forward five steps, starting with the right foot and performing a right-turn of 90°.
human is pushed from right hand side by an invisible force and tries to counterbalance by stepping sideways
a person takes a step to the left and then walks sideways back to the origin position
Somebody avoids to the left
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
someone starts walking and after two steps he turns around on one foot and walks back.
A person is standing by first turning to the left and using his hands and knees as support.
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person moves both hands around its body in complicated shapes.
A person receives a push from the front, tumbles backward, and finally takes a step forward.
A person lost its balance as he almost fell backwards but then recovered his posture.
A human is stirring.
A person wipes a surface with his left arm.
a person wipes something in front of it with its left hand
A person gets pushed forward approximately 1 meter.
A human is being pushed from behind, doing a sidestep to the front with the right foot.
A person stumbles.
A human walks and turns to the right.
Someone walks a right turn
a person walks to the right
A person walks forward, is pushed slightly to the left and continuous walking.
A person standing still and doing a wiping movement with the left hand.
a person wipes something in front of it with its left hand
a person is turning right while walking.
Walking four steps in a slight curve to the right.
A person walks in a quarter circle.
A person is pushed heavly from the back
A person gets puched in the back and steps forward so it does not fall down.
A person does little jumps to the side while walking.
the person is punching with the left hand
a person punches something with its left hand
Boxing with the left hand.
A person gets pushed from the front and steps backwards to recover.
A person walks in a circle
The human perfoms one step backwards
A person is jumping sidewards several times to the left and right with the arms stretched out.
Someone walks a few steps in a left bend.
A person is making some gestures like drawing lines in the air with his left hand.
Someone moves his left arm.
a man wipes something with his left hand
A person is walking forward fast.
A person walks forward very slowly
Someone walks forward
A person is slowly walking forward.
A persons takes five very slow steps
A person walks fast
A person raises both hands and moves them back down.
A person stoops down and picks up thinks on the ground in a half circle around him
A person climbs a ladder.
A person is slowly walking forward.
A person is making a sidestep to the left.
A person walks a curve to the right.
A man move laterally
A person plays the violin
A person wipes two times in a circle on a waist high surface.
A person is shuffling forward, making a jump into the air and continues shuffling forward.
A person joggs a few steps forward.
A person is jogging a few steps.
A person walks.
A person walks forwards.
Someone is sprinting through the room.
a person runs straight forward
a man is running
A person turns left at medium speed.
A persons performs a fast 180° turn
Someone is walking forward starting with the right leg, then turning around his left side facing backwards and doing another two steps.
a person walks forwards a few steps and then turns 180 degrees to the left and walks back a few meters again
A person goes 5 steps forward.
A human is making a counter-clockwise turn.
A person is walking a quarter counter-clockwise circle
a person walks to the left performin a quater circle
A person turns left.
A person performs a 180° turn to the left.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the left and keeps walking
A human sits down on a low platform.
A person shakes the bent arms and the head like an eating chicken.
A person raises both arms like jumping jack.
someone lifts his arm over his head.
Somebody raises his hands in form of a circle
a person is doing a left u-turn while walking
A person walks while swinging their arms.
A person moves both arms like wings.
A human turning left
A person is walking in small circles.
a person walks in a circle to the left
A person starts walking in a circular motion towards the left.
A person walks a 90 degree curve to the left.
A person walks in a quarter circle.
A person gets pushed from right and recovers with 1 step.
During walking, a human is pushed.
Someone is beeing pushed from the back while walking forward.
A person stumbling forward
the person looks like playing a violin
A person plays a violin while he holds it with his right arm and plays it with his left arm.
A left-handed person plays the violin.
human runs furiously
A person runs.
A person runs.
a person jogs some meters
The human is running
a person runs forward
a person walks slowly forward
a person wlaks forwards quite slow
Someone walks four steps forwards.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the left leg.
A human is slowly walking forward
A person walks forward.
A person performs a slight kick with the left foot.
someone gives a kick.
Somone is raising his fists in front of his upper body and doing a low kick with his left foot.
a human walks upstairs and then downstairs twice
A person walks a circle counter-clockwise.
Someone walks in a circle counterclockwise
A person walks forward approximately 3,5 meters, trurns around and walks back to where he started.
After walking a bit forward, a person turns around on one leg to return
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
Someone is walking forward 2 steps starting with the right leg, then turning back around his left side and walking back 2 steps.
A human does a tight 180° turn on the right foot
A human strokes a pet on his chest.
a person takes a few quick steps forward
a person moves forward very quickly
The human walks fast
While walking, a human is pushed from the right side.
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the left
a person is pushed to the left while walking.
A person turns right
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person turns 90 degrees to his right.
Somone walks a quarter circle to the right.
A person points into the air with the left hand.
A person runs forward and stops.
Someone is trying to run for 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A person starts to run forward for about 2 meters and then stops.
A person runs about 3 meters forward.
a man starts running and stops a few steps later
A person runs forward, turns around and runs back.
A human slowly walks forwards then stops.
A person takes five steps forward on a straight line.
A person walks some meters forward
Someone walks slowly straight on
A person wiggles their arms.
A person flutters with his arms.
a person does the chicken moves
A person waves their arms like a chicken
human performs the chicken dance
A human walks in a full circle.
a persons walks in a circle to the left
A person throws a ball with their right hand
A person throws an object with his right hand.
A person is throwing something to the ground.
A person walks forward at slow speed.
Starting with the right leg someone is doing 6 steps forward very slowly.
a man is walking carefully
A human is making a clockwise turn.
A person walks to the right
A person is waving its arms up and down in a flying motion.
A human walking in a circle counterclockwise
Person stumbling while standing
A person is pushed to the right
Standing person is beeing pushed hard from the left side and is maintaining balance.
a person stands still and gets pushed to the right
The human jumps the the right
A person moves objects around
A human walking forwards
a person walks forward
A person plays the violin
Someone plays violin
A person playing the violin holding it with his right arm and playing it with his left.
A person performs arm motions as if playing the violin, holding it on the right side.
A person plays guitar
human seems to throw something with his left hand
A human is performing a slap (volleyball serving)
Somebody throws something with his left hand.
Person walking backwards
human goes backwards starting with left
A man call someone to come
a person does a dodge movement and runs forward
Subject walks three steps forward.
a person walks forward quite slow
A person gets up from a kneeing position.
Someone gets up from kneeling.
A perosn on their knees standing up
someone is warming up
A man jump a step front.
The human whirls around.
Someone who is waiting and walking in a circle.
A human runs.
A person turns around a corner towards the right.
A person walks a 90 degree curve to the right.
Subject walks down steps.
A person walks down a slope and reaches flat ground after a few steps.
A human is walking down a ramp
A person walks 5 steps down a stair and then 2 more when it reachs the ground.
a person walks down the stairs
A person walks down on stairs.
Somebody walks downstairs.
A person walks forward.
Someone walks forward.
A person walks forward
A person forwards to the front.
Person walking for a few steps
walking straight foreward at a medium pace
Someone is starting to walk
A person walks four steps forward.
Someone walks about 2 meters ahead.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards for some meters
The human is walking slowly
A person takes five relaxed steps
A person is walking.
Person walks backward.
A human walks 4 steps backwards on a line.
a human is walking backwards
A person walking in a curve to the right and then standing still
A human walks a quarter turn to the right
A person runs to the forward direction.
A person walks slowly
A person walks slowly forward.
A human walks in a quarter circle.
A person walks back and fourth while looking at things above
A person raises both hands to shoulder level, elbows bent then bounces/punches down with his right hand before lowering both hands.
A person plays the guitar.
A human walks fast along the path of a number eight.
A person reaches for different locations with the left hand.
A person walks down a slope.
A person walking backwards for 4 steps
A person slowly walking backwards.
someone walks straight reverse and stop in four steps.
Person standing and then walking back
A person walks backwards.
a person takes some steps backwards
A person walkes backwards.
a man walks a few steps backwards
A person runs forward.
Person running a few steps
A human runs five steps forward
A human runs approximately 2 meters forward.
A person raises both arms on the side of his body and moves them back down
A person walks forward, during that it is pushed back and makes 2 steps backward.
A human is walking forward doing one step back in between movement
A person is pushed back while walking forward.
A person walks forward and is pushed gently to the left
A person walks forward avoiding an obstacle on the floor by stepping around it.
Someone jumps and turns 180° while in the air.
A person is walking a bit shaky-legged forward.
A human walking slowly
A person is doing circles with his hands in front of his body.
a person ducks away to his right
A person performs a boxing dodging movement to the right.
Someone is in fighting pose and ducking down to the right side.
a person dodges
A person is dodging something to the right.
A person ducks to the right and protects the left side of his face with his right hand.
a boxer is dodging a hit to his head
Subject walks forward spinns around and walks backwards.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and keeps on walking
A person walks two steps, turns around by 180° and then walks two steps.
A person turns 90° to the left at medium speed.
a human walks slowly
A person walks 4 steps fast forwards.
a person walks forwards quite fast
A human  is picking something up
human takes a swing like while playing golf
A person playing golf over his right shoulder.
a person plays golf with its right hand
A human performs a hard hit with a golf club and swings the club over its shoulder while doing the hit.
A person is playing golf.
A person performs a golf swing.
A human walks and balances on a ball.
a human awkwardly goes forward
A person's feet are dragged forward so he falls down on his back and stays lying.
A person walks very slowly and carefully
human slowly goes forward starting with right
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A human walks.
A person bends the upper body backward.
the person is walking backwards
a person walks some steps backwards
A person walks two steps forward, turns 180 degree on the left foot, and walks two steps backward.
A person stumbles forward while walking.
a person walks forward and gets pushed from behind and stumbles a few meters
walking in a quadrangle with stairs
A person dances one part of a couple dance.
A human performs 5 times the steps of a waltz dance while it is holding its hands like it is leading a partner with its hands.
Somebody balances something in a small area.
the person is performing a circular motion with the left hand
A person is wiping something with his left hand.
A person wipes an object with his left arm.
Person walking and then stumbling to the left
Someone gets pushed from the right then get back to his path
A person walks forward and when he gets shoved from the right he stumbles to his left before walking back to the track he was on.
A person is walking slowly and relaxed
Someone walks forward and geht hit from the right then get back on his way
a person walks forwards and gets pushed to the left
A person takes one step forward, two to the right side and two back to the left side.
something is happening to the person during the forward walk
A human walks forwards
A person is pushed slightly from behind while walking.
A human is stumbling with the right foot
a person walks forwards and gets then pushed from the back
A person starts to walk forward and stumbles after 2 steps.
A person takes seven forward steps at varying walking speed.
A person is walking forward.
A person walks and gets pushed forward.
Person makes one slow and three fast steps, then stops.
a person takes a few steps forward and stumbles.
Some is walking and doing some faster steps in between.
A human walking forwards
a person walks forwards quite slow
A person walks 2 steps, performs a spot turn on the right foot and walks back to the starting position.
A person moves in a circle.
A human standing up
A person on knees is standing up.
a person stands up from the ground
A human stands up from knees using right hand to prop against the floor.
A person sits down and gets up again
the person is walking forward and backward
A person walks forward then backward and forward again
a person walks some steps forward gets pushed backwards and then continues walking
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person playing golf.
A person standing and showing upwards,
a person points to three points with its left hand which a over it besides it and below it
A human is pointing with its right arm, to an upper location on the right side, then to the middle and down location
A person moves his right hand as far right as he can first obove his head then on the height of his chest and then on the height of his hip
A person is pointing with his right hand.
Someone points with his right hand at three different heights on the right side of his body.
A human walks forward and backwards in large steps.
A sitting person is standing up.
A person turns right
Subject walks in quarter circle clockwise.
A human wakling backwards and forwards
A person making one step forward.
A person walks over uneven terrain.
a person walks over some obstacles
A person makes punch moves with his right hand like fencing.
A person performs the basic step of the slow-waltz ballroom dance.
a man is practicing waltz stepps
A person walks a circle clockwise.
A perons walks a circle clockwise
a man walks in circle
A person holds their hands in front of them and then looks at their right hand.
A person walking fowards, then turning on the left foot and walking back.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and keeps on walking
A Person takes to steps, performs a 180 degree turn and takes another two steps
A human walking backwards.
A person walks forward during that the person is pushed slightly to the left.
A human takes a huge step backwards
Someone gets pushed on the right shoulder and compensates with
A human is pushed at the sholder and performs a sidestep to the back with the right foot
A person takes a backward recovery step after being pushed from the front.
a person gets pushed from the front and stumbles backwards
A person getting shoved backwards
Someone gets pushed and takes a step back.
A person walks in a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person walks a quarter, right sided circle
A person goes two steps forward, turns around and goes back.
Someone is walking forward 2 steps starting with the left leg, then turning back around his right side and walking back 2 steps.
A person walks ahead and then turns left
A person jumps and rotates 90 degrees to the left while in flight.
a person picks up an object from the ground
A person lifts something heavy above its head.
A person walks forward, stumbles backwards and then walking forward again.
Somebody moves short back while walking.
A person throws an object with the left hand.
A human runs and stops.
a person walks forward
A person gets an arrow out of their quiver on the back, draws a bow and shoots.
A human turning right
A person turns right.
A person walks randomly around
A human  is walking
A person is making a sharp turn.
Someone is walking over an obstacle.
A person walks to the right.
a person walks a quarter circle to his left
A person walks forward in a 90° curve to his left.
A person does a 90° left turn in five steps
a person walks straight on and then stops
Someone is very slowly walking forward 4 steps starting with the left leg.
a person walks forward and turns
A person is drinking something out of a bottle using his right hand.
A peron makes a turn to the left.
The human perfoms a left turn
A person turns 90° to the left at medium speed.
A human is leaning forward.
A human is slightly bowing down
A person is bowing.
A person bows gently.
A person bows slightly.
A person walks while gradually turning to the left.
A kneeling person stands up from the floor
A human is getting up from the knees by pushing itself up with the left hand
A kneeling person stands up.
A human is kneeling and getting up by pushing with the right arm from the floo
a man starts on his knees and stands up
A person accelerates forward and then slows down again
A person walks forward.
a person running energetically and brakes abruptly.
The human is running
A person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
A person is dancing the male basic step of a waltz.
a person carries something and walks forth and back
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walk backwards.
A human walks a few steps before turning swiftly around on his right foot
A person is spining around a 180 degrees to the right while walking.
A person turns 180 degrees on his right foot.
some one turns clockwise back on his right foot.
Someone walks two steps forward, then turns around by 180° to the right and makes two steps again.
A person bends ts knees.
A person performs one squat.
A person performs the egyptian walk with the hands.
A person is dancing.
A human points his finger to an object. First right hand finger. Second left hand finger
A person walks straight
Someone walks forward
A person walks slowly forward.
A person is absorbing a puch with the left hand while holding the hands up.
Someone in fighting stance is ducking down backwards.
a person dodges a hit
A human turning right
A person walks counterclockwise on a quarter circle with 1,5m radius.
A person walks a left turn of 90 degrees.
A person lies on the ground, stands up and then goes into a defense position.
A person dancing in slow motion.
A human performs a fast spin after a few steps.
a person walks forward
human goes forward
A person play guitar.
A human is performing two strikes on an air guitare
A person plays the guitar.
A man is playing the guitare.
Subject is playing the guitar.
Someone is playing an air guitar.
A person plays the guitar.
a man plays the guitar
A person walks two steps, turns around to the right and walks another two steps
human goes forward starting with right
A person walks forwards.
Subject walks three steps forward.
A person walks upstairs.
Person walking forwards
human goes forward slowly starting with left
A human walks forward a few steps looking on the ground
A person walks forward
A person performs a semi-circular movement.
Someone walks forward and does a right turn.
A human performs a 90° right curve
a person walks 90 degrees to the right performing a quarter circle
Subject walks forward spins around and walks backwards.
A person goes approximately 2 meters forward.
a person walks forwards a few steps
A person is walking.
A person goes to the left making four and a half steps.
A person walking a left curve
some one turns a corner.
A person picks something up with the right hand, passes it over to the left hand and finally puts it back down.
A person walks forward, gets pushed in the back, and recovers with 1 step.
a man stumbles over something
A person walks through the room.
a person walks straight forward
A person walking forward
A person dances.
a person is dancing waltz
The human lift his hands perfoms a step forward then a step to the right and at the end a step backwards
Someone moves backwards in a walk
A human walks backwards while looking forward
a person walks backwards a few steps
A person walks backwards fast.
a person takes 5 steps backwards
A person is walking backwards
A person walks backward
Someone walks backwards 4 steps starting with the left leg.
The human perfoms a couple of steps backwards
human goes backwards at medium velocity
A person jumps to the left.
The human perfoms a jump to the left
A person is moving disoriented through the area in all directions.
the person is walking forward
A person picks up a heavy object from the ground and puts it down on the floor again.
A person walks in the forward direction then turns around by 180 degrees and walks forward again.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
Person doing a wiping move with the right hand
Someone moves his hand in a circular path
A person wipes a table one time.
A peron walks in a quarter circle.
Someone is walking forward and then coming to a stop while turning to the right.
A person walks forward before turing 80° to his right.
a person walks a few steps forwards and then takes a turn to the right
A person walking forward then turning slightly to the right
A person walks backwards in a straight line slightly swinging his arms by his sides as he does so.
Someone walks backward
A human walks 4 steps backwards on one line.
A little bit bent forward person is jumping and running forward.
a person walks a few steps
a person walks forwards quite easy
A person walks forward
Subject is jogging forward.
Someone is jogging for 4 steps starting with the right leg.
human is running forward
A person walks forward
A person stands and is pushed backwards
A person makes a small step to the rear.
A human is being pushed on the right shoulder and does a sidestep to the left back side.
A person lunges backwards to the left, as if he was pushed.
A person walks forwards for four steps.
A person is waving withthe right hand.
A person is wiping a surface in front of him.
A person walks forwards, turns and walks back.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
A human performs a 270° counter clockwise jump.
A person is walking and stretching out with angled legs.
human goes forward starting with right
A person walks a few steps.
a person walks forwards
A persons performs two small steps, then one greater step, then again three small steps and finally turns around to return the same way to his original position
the person is moving to the right
a person stand still and gets pushed to the right and then takes a step to the left to its original position back
A person stands still, then makes a step to its right and it looks like it got puched before.
A person does a 
compensatory movement to the right side.
A person does a step the the left side and back.
A person walks backward 4 steps.
Someone walks backwards 4 steps starting with the left leg.
a person takes some steps backwards
A persons gets pushed from the right and jumps to recover.
A standing person is beeing pushed hard from the right side and compensates the disturbance.
human is pushed from its right hand side
Somebody is pushed on his right shoulder.
A human steps over an obstacle with a large step.
The subject does one backward step starting with his right leg.
A person performs a single  backward stride.
A persons makes a fast step backwards.
a person gets pushed from the front
Someone takes a quick step to the back.
A person jogs briefly then stops.
A person joggs forwards.
Someone is jogging 4 steps forward starting with the right leg.
A person performs a short sprint
someone starts running straightforwards and stops after five steps.
A human walking slowly
A person walks slowly
Person walking forwards
A person walks forward.
someone walks straight on
A person takes 4 steps forward
a person takes 5 steps forward starting with his right foot
A person walkes forward.
A person takes 5 steps forwards dwadling as he does so.
human slowly walks forward starting with right
a person walks forwards very slow
A human walks very slowly 4 steps forward on one line.
A person takes 5 steps.
The human perfoms a couple of steps very slowly
A person makes slowly four small steps forward.
Someone is stirring with his right hand.
A person wipes a desk.
A person is walking around a corner to the right
A person walks to the right
A person trying to open something.
A person walks backwards.
A person walks backwards.
A person walks backwards four steps.
A person is stepping back.
slowly backing off
Someone is doing a few steps backwards.
Person walking backwards
A person walks four steps backwards
A person walks 5 steps backward.
A person moves backward some meters
A human is walking backwards tilting its head a little bit beforehand
A person does 4 steps backwards
A person walking backwards while moving slightly to his left
A person backing away from something
human goes backwards
a man walks backwards
A man walks a quarter of a circle towards the left.
human goes in a quarter circle counterclockwise starting with right.
A human walks slowly a quarter of a circle to its left.
A person walking a few brisk steps
a man is walking, but he is hobbling a bit beccause of his left leg
A person walking slowly forwards, then turning on the left foot and walking back again.
A human is walks 2 steps, turns on its left food and walks back to the same spot where it started.
some one walks straight and turn around in a sudden and then walks back.
A person walks two steps forwards, then turns around by 180° to the left and walks two steps.
A person is walking forward, picks something up from the ground and carries it back.
A human stretches his arms in front of him, draws circles in the air and lowers his arms again.
A person jumps forward
A human is pushed to the right.
A person turns to the left while making a big jump forward
A person walking slowly in a quartercircle to the left
A person stirs something
Someone stirs with the left hand
A person is slowly moving forward.
Person walking forwards and then stumbling
human goes forward starting with right, is pushed by an invisible force on the left hand side and counterbalances the pushing force by stepping sideways
A person walks forward and when he gets shoved from his left he stumbles to his right before walking back to the track he was on.
A human performing wiping motions with the left hand
A person performs a stirring motion.
A person wipes a surface using the left hand.
a person wipes something in front of it with its left hand
A person moves his left hand in horizontal circles in front of his belly.
A person walking a few steps forward
Person walking forward.
Person walking in a circle
Someone walks in a clockwise circle
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
Subject walks over a plank.
A person walks a few meters over soft surface.
a person walks forwards
A person walks confidently in cirlces.
a person walks in a circle to the right
a person walks forwards
human walks in a quater circle clockwise
A person plays the violin once.
the person moves the right hand from up to down
Someone is holding a guitar and playing it with the right hand.
A person stumbles backwards.
A person walks forward with medium speed.
a person walks forward
A person walkes forward.
A person kneeling and then standing up while stabilizing themselves with the left hand.
A person stands up.
A human walks in a left bend.
a person walks to the left performing a 90 degrees turn while walking in a quarter circle
A person doing a waving movement with the right hand
A person walks forward, gets pushed from the right and performs a side step.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed to the right
A person crawls through a obstacle parcour.
A person performs the basic step of the Cha-Cha-Cha ballroom dance.
A person interacts with something using the right hand and first and then using both hands later.
A person walks a bend to the left.
A person is waving his hands in a big motion
A person waves with both hands.
a person waves with its two hands
A human waves with two hands simultaneously.
A person is running a little bit tilted first to the right then to the left.
A human walks fast up and down a line.
the person walking forward is suddenly pushed to the  front
A human walking forwards
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
Somebody is walking in a circle.
Person walking in a circle
A person is walking in a circle
Someone slowly walks a full circle to the left
walking in a slow circle
Someone walks a complete circle.
A person turns around to the beginning.
someone is walking a whole round to his left side
a person is walking in a circle shape
a person walks a circle to the left
A person goes down onto the floor on all fours.
A human is kneeling down like a dog.
A person performs some kind of wiping motion.
A human is making a horizontal wiping motion.
A person wipes an object with his left hand.
Someone walks forward and turns around.
Person walking and then turning back
a person walks forwards a few step the turn 180 degrees to the left and keeps walking
A human turning right
Someone runs forward
A person joggs forward.
A human jogs a few steps forward.
a person jogs some meters forward
a person walks a quarter circle
A person performs a tennis serve.
A person eats a Hamburger.
Person jumping forwards
Someone jumps forward with both feed
A person jumps with both legs approximately 20 centimeters forward.
A human performs a two legged hop to the front
a person jumps about 30cm to the front
A person jumps approximatly 50cm forward.
A person jumps forwards with both feet.
A person is walking in a rectangle with stepping onto higher ground and down again.
A human does a short sprint
Person jumping backwards
A person jumps backwards
Someone is jumping backwards.
Someone jumps backwards.
A person is walking quickly backwards
A person walkes backwards.
A person waves with both hands
Someone waves with both hands
A person waves a few times with both hands.
a person waves with its two hand
a person picks up and object and place it on a surface in front of him
human dances the basic movement of cha-cha-cha
A person dances with another person
A person walks clockwise in a circle.
A human walking forwards
a person walks slowly forward
A person is walking forward slowly.
A person makes a motion like playing violin. (one stroke)
A person is flexing their biceps.
A person performs a golf stroke.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A human stands with both hands in the air and then partially collapses.
A person lays flat on their belly, gets up and stoops.
a person walks slowly.
A human is running and stops.
A human runs a few steps, relatively slow.
A person jogging forward in a straight line
A human is wakling down the stairs
a person is doing a tennis forehand
Someone take cautious steps forward.
A person walks very carefully while looking on the ground.
human steps on specific positions while going forward
a person plays the violin
A person holds his right arm in the air and wipes with his left hand.
A person is playing the violin.
A person hops forward.
A person performs a circular movement.
Walking in a circle to the right.
A person raises their right arm like a bodybuilder and moves the left arm towards their right arm.
a person plays the violin with its left hand
person doing a crazy dance
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A Person is running fast
A person is running.
A person running very fast.
a human plays guitar.
A person plays the guitar.
a person plays the guitar with its right hand
A person makes guitar playing motions
Someone plays guitar with his right hand.
Someone is beating something
A human steps on a low platform.
A person picks something up from the ground and puts it down again.
A person stumbling to the right after standing still.
A person doing a jumping sidestep to his right.
A person jumps to the right.
Somebody is pushed to the right.
A human performs front crawl movements with her arms.
the person is walking to the left by following a half circle path
A person moves to the left.
a person walks to the left
Somebody walks a quarter circle anticlockwise.
a person walks forward
A person takes three small steps backwards.
A person is walking backwards a few steps.
A person walks backwards.
A person is slowly walking with the right shoulder and arm bent down to the side and the arm swinging a bit.
A person is pushed back.
Someone gets pushed on the right side of his body and takes a step back to rebalance.
A person changes suddenly the direction and then runs to the left.
A person walks and turns to the left.
A person walks in a quarter-circle.
a human performing a U-turn
A person is walking two meters straight, than one step to the left.
A person walks along and turns to the left.
A person walks a curve to the left
someone is walking a quarter round to his left side
A person walks a 90 degree turn towards the left
A person first walks and then turns to the left
A person walks to the left
A human is walking in a 90° right curve
Someone walks in a quarter circle to the left.
A human is making a 180 degrees turn.
A person is doing a right u-turn while walking
A person turns on his right foot.
A human performs a 360° jump.
A person walks fast forward.
Person walking backwards
A person walks backward
A person walking backwards for a few steps.
Subject walks in a full circle counterclockwise.
A person runs fast.
boxing with fear
a person runs and jumps
A person walking forwards, then turning on the left foot and walking back again.
the person is first walking forward and then making u turn
A person turns on his right foot.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and keeps on walking
A person raises both hands to chest level, elbows bent, then bounces his left hand up and down once before dropping both hands to his sides.
human plays the guitar left-handed
a person holds something in the right hand and touches it with the left hand
A person makes motion as if playing triangle.
A person walks straight
A person dances.
A person carries something and does some steps to both sides
A human makes the steps of a waltz dance and is holding its hands like he is holding another person.
a human walks forward
A person walks a quarter of a circle.
A person walks 90degrees to the right performing a quarter circle
Somebody walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person passes an obstacle by doing one step after another.
A person is performing some kind of kata.
A person walks up a slope.
Someone plays on a violin.
A human performs playing a violin with its right hand.
A Person goes three and half steps forward, is pushed back and recovers making a step ahead.
A person turns in a circle
Someone walks in a circle counterclockwise
Somebody wals a circle anticlockwise.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person doing fast steps to the left while crouched a bit.
the person is slowly walking to forward
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
human performs a bending walking movement to the right
A person walks forwards slowly
A person walks forward very carefully
A person moves 5 steps foreward.
A human walks slowly 4 steps forward on one line starting with its right foot.
looking at own hands
Person turns around a corner.
a persons walks forwards to the right
A persons performs a 180° turn.
human performs a turn to its left side
A human walking forward
A person takes two steps forward and then two steps to the left.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A person is shaking arms and legs like doing a warming up.
A person walks 4 steps forward during that the person is slightly unbalanced.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from behind
A person is walking a left-turn
A person walking forward in a 90° curve.
A person walks a quarter circle to the right, taking four steps.
A person takes a step forward and then kicks a ball,
A human walks forward two steps, pivots 180 degrees, and walks two steps back to where they started.
human slowly goes forward, turns around partway, and goes back to the starting position
A human walking forwards
A person is walking forward.
A person walks straight, recovers from a hard pushed from the left, and returns to the original path.
A person walks forward and turns to the left.
A person walks a quarter ciricle to the left, taking five steps.
A person stands and waves with their right hand.
A person waves his hand.
A person uses an axe.
A person walks forward fast.
The human walks slowly
A person is walking.
person walking to the front
A person holds a violin with the right hand and strokes it with the left hand.
a person plays the violin with its left arm
a human slowly walks forward back and forth multiple times
A human walks and takes a 90° turn.
a person walks slowly forward
A person takes a few slow steps forward.
A person walking forward taking big steps.
A person is walking slowly.
A person climbs a few steps.
A persons walks up three stairs
A person walks backwards
A person walks backwards.
Subject tries to walk fast and does 4 steps.
A person makes a few fast steps forward.
a person takes a few fast steps
a person jogs forwards a few steps
A person walks in a small circle, to the right.
human goes in a circle clockwise starting with right
a person walks in a circle to the right
Person walking in a circle.
Someone jumps to the right.
A person jumps approximately 30 cm to the right with both feet.
Someone is doing a sidejump to the right.
A Person is performing a jump with both feet to the right.
A human performs a jump with both feet to its right.
the person is first walking ahead and then turning to the right
A person walks to the right
A person walks forward.
A person walks forward.
A person turns right.
A person walks 90degrees to the right
Person walks around a corner.
A person walks six straight steps forward.
A person takes seven medium slow forward steps.
Walking in a straight line.
A human is walking
A human turning right
A person standing still and then stumbling to the right
the person performing forward walking is making a right turn
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
a person walks forwards then turns right 180 degrees and keeps on walking
A human makes two steps forward like he is walking on a line, then turns on its right foot and walks back to the place where it started.
The human walks a couple of steps turn around and walks back to starting point
A person pushes once into the air with the left hand.
a person punches something with its left hand
A person doing a wiping or stirring movement with the right hand
A person wipes a desk with his right hand.
A person stirring with their right arm
A person walks around and performs a dance while doing so.
A human performing a stirring motion
A person punches five times, beginning with the left hand and ending with the left hand.
A person punches alternatively in front of him.
Person walking in a circle
human goes in a circle clockwise starting with right
A person moves in a circle.
A person is walking in a circle clockwise.
A person jumps approximately 30 centimeters in the air while running.
A human stomps with the right foot.
a person is doing a left u-turn while walking
Subject runs forward.
A standing person takes five running steps forward and comes to rest again.
a person jogs forwards some steps
A person is running forward.
A person walks over step stones.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
a person raises both hands above his head, lowers them and takes a step forward
A person claps its hands over its head and then makes a step forward.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person is going around a right corner.
A person jogs forward
Someone runs forward
Subject walks forward.
A human walking backwards
A human walks backwards
A person is walking backwards.
A human who looks sad to the left.
Someone how kicks a ball.
A human balances while walking forwards.
A person stumbles backwards, arms outstreched to help regain balance.
human is pushed from front by an invisible force and counterbalances the pushing force by stepping backwards
A person stumbles backwards.
A person is pushed from behind.
A person gets pushed form the back and tumbles forward
A person walks a circle clockwise.
A person walks forward 4 steps.
A persons walks five steps forward
the person is quickly moving to the front little bit
A human gets a gentle puch in the back and trips 2 steps forward.
A person is taking two quick steps forward.
A person quickly steps forward a few steps and then stops.
A person is playing golf.
Person walking backwards
human goes backwards starting with left
A person is walking backwards.
a person walks backwards
A human walks with a limp in their right leg.
human goes forward firmly
A person walks a few big steps forward.
A person does 4 steps forward.
Somebody walks straight on.
A human lies on his side and stands up.
A person steps over something taking a long step to the right front of him.
a person stumbles left
A person getting shove from the right while standing still
a person throws something on the grund using his right arm
a person throws something on the floor with its right hand
A person takes a sudden step to the right, right foot leading, left foot following.
human is pushed from left side and counterbalances push by stepping sideways
A person stands still, he then gets pushed from his left and stumbles to his right.
A person turns right
Someone walks in a circle clockwise
A person turns around a right corner
a person is boxing
A person performs a step to the right and recovers to the original position.
Someone jumps to the right and then takes two steps to get to their original position.
A Person stumbling to the right.
Someone steps to the right and back to the left again.
small step to the right then back in position
A person makes a sidestep to the right and then a second step back to the origin position
A person is first walking sideways to the right then back to the initial position
A human hunkers down and performs a jump.
Person doing a throwing move with the left
Someone throws something
a person throws something with its left hand
A person throws something with his left arm.
The human throws a ball
A person warms up his body like preparing for a sport.
A person plays the air guitar.
The human plays air guitar.
Person playing air guitar
A person performs a drumming motion with their left hand while holding up their right hand
a person is doing something
A person performs two strokes on a guitar.
Person makes motions as if it is half hearted playing guitar.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person is playing golf.
A person is performing a downward facing dog, performing some stretching moves and goes back to downward facing dog.
A person takes two steps forward, turns around, and then takes two steps in the opposite direction.
A person takes a left turn.
A person walks a 90 degree turn to the left.
a person walks to the left in a quater circle
A person moves in a circle.
A person walks in a circle.
Someone walks a full circle to the left.
A person stands and begins walking slowly forward to stop again after a few steps.
human slowly goes forward starting with right
A human walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person is walking.
the person is walking forward
The human perfoms a couple of steps
A person walks forward
A human walks backwards.
A person turns around.
Someone walks forward and turn 180 degree and walks forward
Someone goes two steps forward, turns around and goes two and a half steps back.
A person sitting on his knees is standing up by using both of his hands.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
Somebody turns around clockwise.
A person walks forward.
Someone walks in a circle to the left.
A human walks fast forwards.
a person walks forward very quickly
Subject walking forward.
Someone is walking forward five steps starting with his left leg.
a person walks straight forward
a person takes 6 steps forward
A human walks while holding her right upper leg with both hands.
A person crouches and looks around
A human stands up from laying flat on the ground.
A person stumbles to his right.
a person stands still and gets pushed to the right side
a man makes a big step to the side
A person goes two steps forward, gets pushed by their left side, recovers and keeps on going forward.
a person walks forward
A person walks 4 steps forward in a straight line.
A person walkes forward.
The person steps half a meter to the right while looking at his feet.
A person waves his right hand.
A person turns around while walking
Someone walks forward and turn 180 degree and walks forward
human is pushed from behind and tries to compensate the pushing force by taking a step forward
A person gets pushed from the back
A person is paddling in the air with both hands in front of his upper body.
A person do a 360 degree twist.
A person performs a wiping motion on a table.
A standing person performs a horizontal wiping motion with his left hand.
A person walks in a circle counter clockwise.
A person walks counterclockwise in a small circle.
A person walks counte clockwise in a circle.
a person walks in a circle
the person makes only one step
a person takes one step forwards
A person is pushed forwards.
A person exercises
A person walking forwards, then turning on the right foot and walking back again.
Subject walks in a quarter circle clockwise.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
a person walks forwards performing a quarter circle
A person is slowly and casually walking forward with swinging arms.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
A person is carefully walking and watching out.
A person who runs fast a little curve.
A person runs.
A person begins jogging and stops.
The human is running
A person is dancing.
Person playing the air guitar
human plays the guitar right-handed
Someone is holding his left arm up and stroking with his right hand in front of his upper body.
a man is playing the guitar
A person get pushed from the left and recovers with by stepping two steps to the right.
A human walking in a circle counterclockwise
Someone is walking a circle to the left.
A person running forward for a few steps
A person is turning multiple wheels in multiple directions.
A person turns right.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degree  on the spot and walks 2 steps forward
A person picks up an object using the right hand, passes it over to the left hand and finally puts it down.
A person turns left.
A person moves in a circle counterclockwise.
Someone plays a single tone on a violin.
A human plays a violin
A person plays the violin
A person plays the violette.
A man is standing up and turns around
The human subject kneels down on the floor.
A person kneels down.
A person walks backwards.
Person walking to the right
A person walks while turning to the right
A person walks two steps forward the then turns around by 180 degrees to his left and then walks forward again.
A person walks and turns on his left foot 180 degrees.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the left and takes two more steps
A human running forwards
A cheerful person look up the sky with arms outstretched ,it seems like,he is looking for something
A person is doing punch moves while stepping forward and backward again.
A person walking forwards, one step back and then forwards again.
A person walks forwards, goes back and forth mid-walk and then continues walking forward
A person lays down
A person walks forward.
A human playing a violin
A person is flexing their biceps.
A person holds an object with his right hand and wipes it with its left hand.
a person plays the violin with its left hand
A person jumping and then walking four steps.
A person is sneaking around.
It seems like on the top of a building,a man walk straight carefully and denn jump a step forward
A person goes one step sidewards to the left and back.
A person evades to the left taking a sidewards step and ends on the startspot.
A person stands still, then gets pushed from his right and stumbles to his left before sidestepping back to the place he stood.
A person gets pushed from the right and takes a step to the left to rebalance and then goes back to the starting position.
A person walks in a circle.
a person walks in a circle to the right
A human runs around forming a lying eight
A person walks 4 steps slowly forward.
A person walks forward slowly.
walking to the front turn around and walking back
A person raises his hands in a T pose and kneels down.
someone is kneeling down after performing a T-pose.
A human extends his arms outwards and then goes down on both knees.
A person goes down to his knees and stretches his body.
A person walks 4 steps to the backward direction.
A person makes 4 steps backwards.
a person walks backwards
A person slowly retreats
Someone walks backwards.
Subject walks in a quarter circle clockwise.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg and performing a right turn.
A person walks backwards.
Someone is walking backwards 4 steps starting with the left leg.
A person moves their feet to the left, back, forward and then right.
a person takes a step to the left side
A person walks forward turns around by its left side then walks forward again.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human walking
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards quite slow
human runs forward starting with right
A human performs a jump kick.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A human takes a few steps forward, turns 180 degrees left on his left foot and walks back
Someone stands up from a kneeling position.
A person is standing up from kneeling.
A person walks a few steps forward, then a few steps backwards and then continuous to walk forward.
A person walks forwards, then a few steps backwards and then forwards again.
A person walks up a hill.
Someone pretends to start running but then walks instead.
A person walks straight forward a few meters
A person takes 5 steps forward.
Person is walking, turns right and stops
a person walks forward and the takes a turn to the right
A person walks a right turn of 90 degrees.
The human subject walks a left bend.
human goes in a bending motion
A person takes 4 steps forward and then turns to the right.
A person makes a turn right.
A person is waltzing with his arms stretched out in front of him.
Someone dances the waltz
A person does the wiener walzer.
a person dances with another person
A human casts a fishing line.
A person walks on stepping stones
Someone walks forward and get over things
A person walks over an obstacle.
a human is steping on some precise places with his feet
the person is first walking and then making a sharp left turn
A man strid forth
a person plays the violin
a Perosn playing the violin.
human seems to be playing the violin or something similar
A person playing a violin
A person is sitting on a chair and than getting up from the chair.
a person walks forward
A person walks forwards.
A person walks forward.
a person walks forwards
a person walks, stops, takes a few steps back and starts walking again.
a person walks forwards gets pushed backwards and  then walks forwards again
A person walks in a clockwise circle.
A person walks in a little circle.
A person walks forward in a circle clockwise.
A person walks forward, during that the person is pushed to the left, than walks on.
A person walks two steps straight, receives a strong push from the right, recovers from the push with two sidesteps, and returns to the original path.
A person walks and gets pushed to the side and walks back to the path.
a person walks forward, then gets shoved from his right and then walks back to the track he was on.
A person is pushed to the left.
A person getting shove from the right while walking forward
A person does a single jumping-jack.
A human is performing one jumping jack
A person performs one jumping jack.
A person is walking and turning to the right
human performs a bending walking movement to the right
A human steps down a low platform.
A person walks four steps forward.
A person walks forwards and gets pushed from the behind left side and recovers and walks on.
A person starts a circular movement to the left.
A person goes 5 steps to the left and thereby describes a quarter circle.
A person is walking around two objects in an eight form.
A huiman walks two steps, turns around
Someone is walking forward starting with the right leg, then turning around his left side facing backwards and doing another two steps.
A person turns on his left foot.
Person slowly walking forwards
human goes forward, slowly and firmly, starting with right
A person performs 5 cautious steps.
The human is walking very slowly
Someone slowly walks forward.
a person walks forwards quite slow
A person walks forward.
Person walking forces
someone walks forward slowly
A human walks forwards
A person takes five forward steps.
A person walks 5 slow steps forward
A human is preparing to go on all-fours.
A human is making a 180 degrees turn.
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
Someone walks forwards.
Person walking forwards
A person walks forward
A human walks 4 steps forward on one line.
A person walking forward
the person walking ahead is pushed to the front
A human walking in circles
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
some walks anticlockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the left
A person is paddling with his stretched out arms in the air while bending his  body forward and backward.
A person walks forwards fast.
a person walks forwards very wuickly
A person walks fast.
A person walking fast
Base ball pitching
A human walks around calmly
a person walks to the left performing a 90 degrees turn in a quarter circle
a person walks in circle
A person walks in a circle.
A human is evading an obstacle.
a person makes a jump forward
A person jumps forwards.
A person walking forwards, then turning on the right foot and walking back again
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
A person turns around right on their left foot
A person walking in a quarter circle to the right.
Subject walks forward.
The person jumps like a ballet dancer.
a person is on all fours and stands up
A human is making a counter-clockwise turn.
a person walks the left performing a quarter circle
A person turns right.
the person is playing a violin
Subject walks in a full circle counterclockwise.
The human walks a circle
A human turning left
A person walks in a quarter of a little circle
A person walks a quarter circle to the left, taking five steps.
Somebody walks straight on and a quarter circle againgst clockwise direction after this.
A person is playing violin.
a person plays the violin with the left hand
A persons walks forward fast.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person takes 5 stes forward
A human performs some kind of dancing move
a person walks a 90° turn to his left
A human is performing a 90° curve to the left
The subject performs a cartwheel to the left
A person is pushed to the right.
A human jumps to the right.
A person jumps to his right.
Someone jumps to the left
Person being pushed to the right
Someone makes two sidejumps and stands straight afterwards.
Someone steps quickly to the right.
a jump to the right
A persons jumps to the right.
A person fastly moves to the right
A person gets pushed to the right.
A person makes two little jumps to the right.
A person jumps to the right.
A person starts a circular movement towards the right.
Someone walks a right turn
A human slowly walks two steps.
A human slowly walks in a zig-zag pattern.
Subject does a quick step to the right
a person stands still and gets pushed to the right
A human walks a quarter of a circle to the right.
A person walks a few steps, then halts
A person doing a squat.
a person performs a squad exercise
A person performs a single squat.
A person does a squat.
Someone is doing a squat.
a man does a squat
A person walks clockwise in a circle.
Subject walks in a quarter circle clockwise.
Somebody walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person stepping on and over obstacles.
A person dances Waltz.
a person is dancing waltz
The human lifts his hands, perfoms a right forward then a step to the left and at the end a step backwards
A person is making circles with his hands in front of his chest.
A person running 3 steps.
a person takes a few steps forward, turns around and walks forward again
A person walks around a corner.
A person walks and turns 90 degrees to the left.
a person walks a quarter circle to the left
A person walks forward.
Person walking forwards
Someone goes away.
walking five steps in a straight line
A person walks forward.
A person walks straight forward a few meters
A person is walking forward.
A person walks forward.
A person walks five steps
A person takes 10 steps forward while bowing their back as if carrying a heavy load.
A person is punching forward like he is boxing.
a person walks 4 steps forward
A person waves with the left hand.
A person wipes something horizontal
A person greets with his left hand.
Subject walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks forwards five steps, starting with the right foot and suddenly speeds up for step three and four.
A person accelerates from still stand and comes to rest again after five steps.
A person walks fast.
a person walks straight forwad
The human is walking fast
A person is sawing.
A person standing still and doing a wiping movement with the left hand
A person lifts both arms sideways to a t-pose and afterwards goes to to the knees.
A person raises his arms to the height of his shoulders before getting down on his knees.
A person is lifting both arms before kneeling down
a person raises its arms like wings and then goes down to its knees
A person stretching out their arms, then kneeling down
Someone is raising his arms to the side, then going down on his knees.
a man lifts his arms, then goes down on his knees
A person turns 180° to the right very fast.
a person walks forward turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps on walking
A person does a few steps and turns on his rigth foot.
A human walks with the hands on the hips, looks on her watch, bends down and continues walking.
A person performs a squat
human does knee bends
a person does a squad execise
A person performs one squat.
A human walks along a path of a number 8.
running to the front
A person turns 180° to the right quickly.
Someone walks two steps, turns around by 180° to the right and walks two steps.
A human walks and turns on the spot.
A person turns 180 degrees to the left on their left foot
A person makes four steps forward starting with the right foot.
A person walking forward.
A person runs forward.
A person walks and turns on the spot
Subject walks forward spins around and walks back.
Someone does a sprint.
Someone is trying to run fast for 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person runs forward
The human is running
During walking forward a person is hit in the back.
A human walks 2 steps forwards and then trips down  one stair.
a person walks forward and gets pushed from behind
A person walks and stops immediately.
Subject walks in a full circle clockwise.
some walks clockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the right
a man walks in small circle to the right
A person walks forward.
a person walks forward
A human moves 4 steps forward.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person walks 2 steps then turn 180 degress and keeps walking
A human walks 2 steps forward on one line, makes a turn on the left foot and ends up where it started.
A person performs a kicking motion with the left leg.
A person doing a handstand
Someone is walking.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person walks forward quite slow
Somebody walks lazy
A person turns 90° to the left with medium speed.
A person is turning left while walking.
Subject walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks clockwise forward in a circle.
A person runs for a few steps
Subject runs forward three steps.
a person jogs forwards
A person runs and stops after 5 steps.
a person runs for 5 steps
A person walks in two counter-clockwise circles
Subject walks in circle counterclockwise twice.
A human walks in a circle twice
A person is walking two counter-clockwise circles
a person walks in a circle to the left for two times
a person is on all fours and stands up
a human walks a right circle.
A person walks a circle, radius approximatly 1,5 meters.
a person walks in a cricle to the right
A person first bends down to the right so that his hands reach the height of his knees, and then, after bendig back to his original posture, performs seven steps forward
A person turns right with medium speed.
A person walks forward, during that the person is pushed to the left and gains balance again.
Someone is beeing pushed from the left side, while walking forward.
A human walks over a platform.
A person walking in a circle to the left
A person walks a circle in the left direction
A person walks relaxed.
A slowly walks five steps forward.
A human goes 4 steps forward at a slow pace.
A person slowly walking forward
Somebody walks slowly.
A person turns left.
Someone evades an obstacle by jumping to the right side while walking forward and takes a small step to the left after that.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from the left side and stumbles a few steps to the right
A person walks forward during that making an evasive step to the right.
A human is walking and then shaking hands
A human runs.
Someone who dances funny.
A human walks slowly.
A person walks forward slowly
A human performs a jump.
Subject walks and then sidesteps left and walks again.
Someone is probably beeing pushed from the right back side while walking forward.
A person walks forward and avoids some obstacles
A human is being pushed from the right side while walking forward, doing a sidestep and returning to its  initial path.
A person being pushed while walking forwards
someone walks while doing one quick sidestep to his right side
A person walks forward and is pushed to the right.
The human walks like a alcoholized person
a man is walking straight, when he makes a step to the side
Subject raises its arms to its shoulder and then gets on its knees.
Someone is kneeling down.
A human goes down on his knees
the person is slowly walking ahead
A person slowly walks forward a few steps.
A person walks four slow steps forward.
A Person walks in a small circle counter clockwise.
A person walks forward, stumbles, recovers and continiues to walk forward.
A person is walking and gets pushed backwards.
A person playing the air violine with the right hand
A person walks clockwise in a circle with 4 steps.
A human performs a tight 90° curve to the right
a human sit down
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person with a hollow back goes forward.
A person walks forward.
A person walks forward fast, looking up.
a person walks forwards quite fast
human oddly goes forward
A person is walking forward very unsteady, turns around and walks back again.
Someone performs a short sprint.
a person walks forwards very fast
A person runs four steps and stops.
Person walks and then stops.
a person walks forwards
A person gets pushed from the front an recovers in 1 step.
A person takes a step backwards after being pushed.
human is pushed from front
a person gets pushed from the front
a man makes a big step backwards
Somebody goes a step back.
A person walks fast 4 steps forward.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person makes a deep bow.
the human takes a bow
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human walks forwards
a person is walking fast forward
A person walks fast.
A person walks five steps forward, knees slightly bend
a person walks forward, turns around and takes a few steps forward again
A human walks forwards, turn and walks back
the person is waving the right hand
a man is wawing with his right hand
A person is slowly strolling forward with swinging arms.
A human walks a quarter circle clockwise
a person walks to the right performing a quarter circle
The human perfoms a right turn
A human puts something in his left hand using his right hand and then proceeds to eat it using his right hand.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
Someone walks in a right bend.
A human is performing a 90° turn after doing a forward step
A person walks forward in a 90° curve.
A person is jumping forward and doing a 90 degree twist.
A person performs a kick with the left foot.
A human walks turns and walks back.
a person walks forwards and then turns around and walks back
A Person walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks in a circle to his right side.
Someone moves forward a brief distance in a fast walk and stops
The human perfoms a couple of steps straight forward
A human is jumping backwards.
A person jumps backwards with both of his legs.
human performs a jump and moves a bit backwards
A person walks fast.
Someone is walking fast in forward direction making 5 steps starting with the right leg.
a person walks forward quite fast
A person turns 180° to the left quickly.
A man puts his hands back and kicks or he ist dancing
A person makes a big jump forward.
A person moves forward along a tile then turns and moves backwards.
Walking two steps, then turning around by 180° to the left and then walking two steps.
Somebody turns around anticlockwise.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person plays violin.
A human performs 5 strokes on a violine
a person plays the violin
A person plays the violin while holding it with his left hand and playing it with his right arm.
someone wipes a surface with the same height of his neck.
A person standing in a t-pose lowers the arms, walks three steps forward, and afterwards lifts the arms to a t-pose again.
A person holding his arms on the height of his shoulders then lets them down and walks 2 steps before raising them again.
A person turns left.
A human walks four small steps forward
A person walks straight forward a few meters
A person walks over two obstacles with two steps, turns around and goes back, then walks over the obstacles again with one step and goes back again.
A human performs a ninjutsu striking walk in forward and backward direction.
A person walking slowly forwards.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person turns 360 degrees to the right while jumping with both legs.
A person performs one step by going approximately 40 centimeters forward starting with his left leg.
A person is waving left hand.
a person waves with its left hand
Someone waving with his left hand.
a person starts sprinting and stops again.
A person is running.
human runs forward
A human turning left
A person walks a left turn of 90 degrees.
Someone how walkes around without a target.
A person walks four steps to the diagonal left.
a person walks down the stairs
A person walking down a small hill.
A persons walks backward with medium speed.
Someone is walking backwards starting with the left leg.
a person walds backwards some steps
Walking backwards for a few steps.
A person walks backwards.
A person walks backwards for five steps.
A person is walking forwards.
A person walks a figure of eight.
Person walking in a circle
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle
a person walks in a circle to the left
A person moves anti-clockwise in a cirle and needs 8 steps to complete the circle.
A person walks in a small circle.
Athlet jumping on a horizontal bar, actively swinging back and forth 3 times
A person stumbling to the right.
The human is pushed from the right side during walking.
A person walks as if drunk.
A human kneels down to the floor
A person raises his arms on the height of his shoulders before letting them down again and then he gets down on his knees.
a persons jumps and then starts walking
A person is jumping and then walking forward.
A person jumps, then walks a few steps.
the person walking to forward is suddenly pushed to the right
A person is getting pushed while walking
A person walks forward and is pushed from the left.
A person rolls their head and shoulders.
A person cleans a surface by making circular motions with their left hand.
A human wipes on a table.
A person stirs with their left hand
Someone walks forward.
A person walking forwards.
A person walked away.
A person walks in a weird form
A human is walking 4 steps forward, starting with its right food.
a person walks forwards
a person is walking
a person is walking quickly forward.
A person jogs forward
human jogs forward
a person is jogging forward.
a person jogs for a few meters
A person lifts the right foot and puts it down again.
Someone is stomping his right foot on the floor.
a persons stamps on the ground with its right foot
A person is carefully and slowly moving forward and then turns 180 degrees to walk back again.
A person stumbling backwards
a person gets pushed backwards
A person is slowly moving forward while looking at the ground.
A person walks forward, turns around on the spot and walks back
human goes forward, turns around partway, and goes back to the starting point
a person walks forwards a few step the turn 180 degrees to the left and keeps walking
A person moves forward, turns around and goes back.
A person moves 2 steps forward, then turns around 180° and walks another 2 steps in the opposite direction.
A person is carefully stepping forward with holding his stepping foot in the air for a short time before putting it down again.
Someone walking forward and curving to the left
A person stands and is then pushed from behind
A subject is pushed from the back while standing.
A human is being pushed and performs a sidestep to the front
a person walks a rightward quarter circle
A person walks backwards, arms swinging by his side.
human goes backwards starting with left
a person walks backwards
a man is walking backwards
A human turning right
walking to the right side and returning
A human performing a stirring motion
a person wipes something with his right hand
A human jumps up with a 270 degree turnaround into the left.
A person walking straight and overstepping a wide obstacle.
A human walks in a clockwise 90 degree bend.
a person walks to the right performing a quater circle
Someone moves his hand counterclockwise in a circle parallel to the floor starting near his torso.
A person wipes with his left hand.
Subject walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks a right sided circle, radius approximatly 50cm
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
A person takes two steps forwards, turns around on one foot and takes another zwo steps.
A person plays violin once.
a man is playing the violin
A human is selecting music from a smartphone and then takes the headphones on his head
Person walking and turning on one foot
Someone walks, turns around and walks back
a person walks forwards then turn right 180 degrees and keeps walking
A person turns 180 degrees on his right foot.
A human stretching is arms
A person is balancing on his right foot.
a person holds both his arm like wings
A person stretching their arms out to the sides
A person is slowly and quietly walking forward.
A person walks while gradually turning to the left.
A human walks a 90 degree arc to the right.
human goes in a quarter circle clockwise starting with right
A human running
A human turning right
While running, a human picks something up from the floor.
A human being pushed from the left
The human perfoms a step to the right
A person performs a dance.
A person dances the Cha-Cha-Cha.
a man practices some dance steps
Someone runs very fast.
A human performs a kick with the right foot.
A person is slowly walking backwards on higher ground while it looks like walking forward or a moonwalk.
A person is moving slowly forward while holding his injured leg with hands.
a person performs a stiring motion with his left
A person stirs something with their left hand
a person wipes something in front of it with its left hand
a human seems to throw something with its left hand
A person walks forwards.
A person sits down on a chair behind him and stands up again.
a person goes on all fours and starts crawling
A standing person gets down to the floor and starts crawling on all four.
Someone is crawling forward.
A standing person going down on his knees and hands to crawl forward.
A standing person gets down to all fours and crawls a few meters.
The person is crawling
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person walking forwards on a kind of platform upwards.
A person walks forward
A person walkes forward.
A person sits down on a chair and stands up again multiple times.
A human plays air guitar.
a person plays the guitar with its left hand
A person stretches their arms out and performs a single squat.
A person does some squad exercises
Subject starts on its knees and stands up.
A person stands up
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle to the left side
A person walks forward while being pushed to the left
Someone walks forward and get pushed from the right
A person walking forwards 3 steps, then takes a sidestep to his left before walking back to the target of his original track.
The human walk perfoms a left jump and walks again
Somebody is pushed to the left.
Subject walks backwards.
A person walking backwards.
Someone walks and jumps around like a chimpanzee.
A person walks forward and is pushed back
A person walks forward, during that the person is pushed back.
Subject jumps backwards.
A human hops backwards
A human is performing a two-legged hop to the back
A person jumps backwards with both of his legs.
a person hops backwards
A person is jumping backward.
A person walks straight and walks afterwards upstairs.
A person stumbles forward.
A human is stumbling forward and stopping after a few steps
A person starts walking forward 1 meter.
A person gets pushed forward.
The subject ist starting with his right leg, does two steps, turns around and walks two steps back.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns on left foot 180 degrees and walks again two steps to the start position.
A human goes 2 steps forward, then turns away anticlockwise and goes back.
A person takes two steps forwards, turn around 180° and goes back to the start position.
A person wipes a waist high surface with the right hand.
a person wipes something with its right hand
a man is wipping something with his right hand
A person walks forward and turns around.
The human turns on the spot with a high momentum.
A person makes to steps in the front and then a swinging 180° change of direction.
A person makes a U-turn.
Person walking and turning on one foot
Someone turns zestful about-face while walking.
A person walks little bit and then makes a sharp turn to the left.
A person walks ahead, does a 180° turn and walks back.
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
A human picks up sth from the floor and goes forward.
A person walks a 90 degrees curve to the left.
somebody walks a quarter circle against the clockwise direction.
A human being pushed
The human perfoms a step backwards
A person jumping with both feet.
A human performs a 270° counter clockwise jump.
A person is walking and stepping like a stork.
A person moves both hands towards each other until they touch and then moves them in opposite directions.
A human staggers a few yards and then staggers back to his original position
A person makes a jump to the right
A human performs a little jump with both feet to its right.
a person jumps to the right side about 30 centimeters
A human is being pushed.
A person makes two steps and makes a sitestep.
A person does a quick and large step back.
human is pushed from front and counterbalances push by stepping backwards
a person gets pushed backwards
a man makes one big step backwards, thean a litlle step
A person walks counter-clockwise in a circle.
A person walks in a circle.
Somebody walks a circle anticlockwise.
A human walks straight.
A person walks forward
A human walking backwards
A person walks four fast steps forward.
A person walks and stops
A human is hitting something
A person walks forward.
A human walking and turning 90° to left.
A person performs a low kick with his right foot.
A person walks four steps to the forward direction.
Subject walks forward is pushed backwards and then walks forward again.
A person gets pushed away.
A person doing a one handed flic flac with a full turn.
A human walks into an obstacle.
A human walks forward a few steps and is then shoved back from somebody in front of him
A person hits an obstacle while moving forward.
A person seems to be playing the guitar, holding it with his right hand, stroking with his left hand.
The human walks forwards quickly.
Person stumbling backwards after being pushed
A person is pushed backwards.
A person gets pushed from in front of him and stumbles back 1 step.
a person gets pushed backwards
A person stumbles a step back.
The human jumps backwards
A person is walking back and forth.
a person walks backwards
a person walks backward
A person walks backwards
human goes backwards
A person walks forward
A person perfoms a dance.
a person dances with another person
A person walks like a chicken
Subject kicking someone with its left foot.
A human performs a sidekick with the left foot, moving up its hands in defence position
a person kicks something with its left foot
A person practices a golf swing.
Someone plays golf
A human is performing a golf hit to the left
Person walking forwards
Someone walks forward
A person stumbles backwards.
A person starts walking backwards 2 steps before standing still again.
a person gets pushed from the front
Person walking to the right
A person walks forward while turning to the right.
A person walks forward, during that the person gets slightly off balance due to a push forward.
A walking person is pushed from the back and compensates with bigger forward steps.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from behind
Somebody strumbles on something
A person walks slowly and like being bored forward.
A person is on the floor on all fours and gets up.
A human is kneeling down like a dog and stands up.
A person is walking forward then making a sharp turn.
a person walks a few steps forward then turns right 180 degrees and walks some more steps
a person walks in a circle
A human walks slowly backward.
A person waves with the left hand two times.
a person waves with its left hand
a human perfoming gymnatics moving forward few steps and truning
A person makes a big step to the left.
Someone walks forwards quickly
a person walks forwards
The human perfoms a couple of steps
Somebody walks straight on.
A person turns to the right while walking.
The human walks four steps in a right bend.
A person walking in a curve to the left.
A person walked away.
Someone walks away.
Someone walks a quarter circle to the right.
A person walks diagonal to the right below corner of the display
A person walks a 90° curve.
A human runs in a sharp curve.
A person lifting the arms in a boxing manner and kicking with the right foot.
a person kicks something with its right foot
A person goes around
a person walks a few steps forwards then turn 180 degrees and keeps on wlking
A person is walking forwards with swinging hands.
A person walks forwards quickly.
Subject walks backwards.
a person is walking backwards
human goes backwards
Subject is stepping akwardly.
A person walks over step stones.
A human takes a few steps forward very carefully, watching where he puts his feet.
a person moves forward on some objects
A person is balancing over an obejct.
Someone moves forward in a walk and then tumbles to the right side as if pushed, but then walks balk to the original trajectory.
A person walks forward and gets shoved from his left before he stumbles very hard and goes back to his track in the end.
A person gets shoved from the left and returns to their path.
A person jumps, kicks and holds up a hand
the person is first showing two hands and then kneeling down with the support of two hands
Someone is kneeling down.
A person walks and turns right
human walks in a quater circle clockwise starting with right
A human is walking in a quarter of a circle  to its right approximately with a radius of the same size as its body.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person walks clockwise in a circle.
human goes in a circle clockwise
Someone walks a full circle to the right.
A human moves his hand in a circle five times in horizontal plane
Someone is probably wiping the table.
a person wipes something in front of it
A human wipes horizontal in a circle with its left hand on the same hight as its hips.
A person jumps 180° counterclockwise.
jump and commando posture
A person is slowly walking forward.
A person walks while turning to the right
human goes in a quater circle clockwise starting with right
a person walks to the right performing a quater circle
A person walks forwards and turns around.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
A human running
A person walks five quick steps forward.
A person walks.
A human sits on the floor and looks around.
A walking person is pushed to their left while walking and slows down, then continues walking on their original path.
Someone walks forward and get pushed from the right
Someone is viciously pushed from the right while trying to walk forwards.
A human shows a T-pose and then kneels down.
the person is first rising to hands up and then kneeling down
A person moves the arms up and down and goes to the knees.
a person spreads his arms like a bird and then goes down to its knees
Someone moves forward in a slow walk
A person walks slowly forwards.
A human dances to the left.
human performs the basic movement of the dance cha-cha-cha
A person performs the wiener walzer.
Someone is dancing.
a person raises both arms and waves his hands at head hight
A person waves with both hands.
a person waves with its two hands
A person waves with both hands.
human performs a waving motion with both arms
A person walks downstairs.
A person walks down stairs.
A person walking forward down a hill.
Subject starts a halfhearted jog.
Someone is walking forward fast doing 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A person runs a few meters forward
A person walks a few steps.
A person is Holding it's legs while walking
Person boxing with the left hand
A person performs a punch with their left hand
A person is boxing with his left hand.
A person punches forward with his left hand.
A human walks.
The person does a 360 clockwise jump
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person is taking a left turn while walking.
A person walks a 90 degree curve to the left
A person performs a punch with their right hand.
Person boxing with right hand
A person punches.
The human performs a right-handed punch.
someone makes a step forward with his right foot by boxing with his right hand
Someone is doing a high punch with his right fist.
A person punches in the air in front of him with his right arm
a person punches something with its right hand
A person performs a jab with his right hand.
A person is punching with his right hand.
A human walks a 90 degree arc to the right.
Someone walks a circle clockwise
A person walks a circle.
Person walking to the left
human goes forward in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left
A person is turning 90 degrees to the left while walking forward.
a person stumbles on the ground but gets up and keeps on running
A person runs forward.
a person is running a few meters forwards
A person is walking forward a little bit bent over and once stretching his left hand to the back and then grasping with his right hand his head.
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A human is slowly walking 4 steps forward.
A person plays the air guitar
A person who stumble.
A person walks forward
a person takes 5 steps forward
A human is lifting his left leg.
A person walking forwards and upwards
a person climbs some stairs
A person is walking up stairs.
Someone walks forward
a person takes 5 steps forward
a person walks forwards quite slow
A person makes a step to the left.
a man has been pushed to the left
Person is walking, while looking down, changes direction and walks back
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
a person reacts to perturbation during walking
a person walks forwards and gets pushed hard from the right
Someone plays hopscotch.
A person walks a ninety degree curve to the left.
A person walks fast forward.
A person stops for a moment and then runs to the left.
A human walks holding her right upper leg with both hands.
A person is performing fighting motions.
A human ambles a few centimeters left of center.
Someone walks forward
a person walks straight forwards
A person walks fast forwards.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person turns 90° to the right at medium speed.
human walks in a bending motion
Someone walks to the right.
A person walks backwards.
human goes backwards
A person walks a few steps backward.
Somebody walks backwards.
A person walks forward then turns right by 180 degrees and walks forward again.
A person wipes clockwise on a flat surface.
A persons performs a fast 180° turn.
A person takes to steps forward, turns around and takes two steps backwards.
A person raises their right arm and beats like a tennis player.
A human performs a hit with an object similar to a tennis racket in the same hight as its hips with its right hand.
A person is walking in small circles.
someone walks in a circle counterclockwise three consecutive times.
a person walks in a circle to the left 3 times
A person walks forward.
A person walking briskly for a few steps forward
A human slowly walks five steps forward
A human swims in breaststroke style.
A person walks in a clockwise circle.
A human performs a full 360° curve to the right, ending where it started
A human walks up stairs.
Person walking and then turning on one foot
Someone walks forward then turn around and walks back
A person takes two step forward then turns around on one foot and takes another two steps.
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
human goes forward and turns around partway
A person is slowly and rhythmically walking forward and backward.
a person walks in random curves
A human performs different swimming styles with her upper body while standing.
A person is walking in a small circle.
picking up something from the ground in the front
A person is walking straight forward.
a person is dancing chachacha
A human is performing a dance (probably a specific one)
a man is practicing danse steps
A  human walking backwards
The human is walking backwards
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
Someone sprints a few steps and stops then.
A person is running a few meters with small steps.
A person runs with very little steplength.
A person walks towards the left.
human goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left
A person walking a left turn
A person stops walking
A human draws circles in the air.
A human making a clockwise turn.
a person walks quater a circle to the right
A person turns right for 90 degrees
A person is going on step up on the stairs.
A human performs warm-up exercises
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human steps on a platform with one large step.
A person jumps approximately 50 centimeters forward.
A person walks backwards four steps starting with the left foot.
Somebody walks backwards.
A person walks four steps forward.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A human is walking into an obstacle, evades it and proceeds walking forward.
Someone is being pushed from the front while walking forwards and compensates the disturbance.
A person walks a few steps forward, then walks a step back and after that he continues walking forward.
The human walks a couple of steps forward then perfoms a step backwards and goes back to walk forward
a person takes to steps forward, two steps backwards, four steps forward
A person goes one meter forward, turns around and goes backwards.
A person is spinning around while walking.
A human makes a pirouette while jumping.
a person walks a quarter circle to his left
A man wolk back and forth in straight line, and denn in eight figures
a person jumps backwards
a person hops backwards
Someone jumps backwards.
A person doing a step to left while looking throughful
a person walks forward
A person is walking slightly slouched while drifting to the right.
human seems to be walking on a beam or something similar
A human is moving up a ramp
A person is walking forward
A person makes four steps forward.
A person walks along a straight line forward.
The human perfoms a couple of steps
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
A person is walking in a circle.
A person crosses a high obstacle.
A person makes a little jump then walks forwards.
Someone is jumping and then walking forward doing 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A person walks forwards in a relaxed manner.
human goes forward starting with right
a person walks straight forwards
A person walking forward four steps.
A person walks.
Someone walks a quarter-circle to the right.
Someone walks a right turn
A human performs a 90° curve tu the right
A human walks a quarter to his right
A person turns right.
A person makes 4 big steps forward.
a person walks forwards quite fast
A person stumbles backwards.
A human gets buched in the chest and makes one step backwards.
a person stands still and gets pushed from the front
human is pushed from front
A person is hurrying along in an almost jog.
Someone runs forward
A person walks forward and is pushed to the right
A person gets pushed from the left while walking forward.
a person walks forwards but gets pushed from the left and stumbles right
Subject walks backwards.
A person takes 4 steps backwards starting with left.
A person walks some steps backwards
A person walking a few steps forward
a person straight forwards some steps
A person walkes forward.
A person is walking.
A person walking forwards, then turning on the right foot and walking back.
someone turns clockwise back with his right foot.
A human performs one step forward to pick something up from the ground.
the person is walking in a half circle shape to the right
A person turns right.
A person walks down a slope in the forward direction.
A person is break dancing.
A person goes backward on his tiptoes.
A person slowly walking forwards for a few steps
The human walks very slowly
A human runs a 90°leftwards curve while playing basketball.
I person is slowing moving forward over an obstacle.
A person is making a sharp turn.
Person doing squads
A person performs a squat
A person performs two successive squats.
A human performs two squats with his arms extended forward
A person performs a squat with the feet together, and performs another squat with the feet distance being wider.
a person does some squad exercises
someone squats and then steps one of his foot a little aside and make another squats
Someone does two squats.
A person puts headphones up on his head and listens to music.
A person is playing violin.
A person walking forwards for a few steps
A person is fighting against something or someone.
A person turns around
Subject walks forward spins around and walks back.
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person walks slowly four steps forward.
A human is walking slowly putting the right foot directly in front of the left foot. Moving slightly to the left side.
A person lifts their left foot and stomps back onto the ground.
A person stomps with their left leg.
a person lifts his left foot to look at it
A person rises and lowers its left foot.
The human lifts his left foot
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
A person walks a quarter, left-sided circle
a person plays the violin
a person plays the violin with its right hand
A person is climbing up and down in different directions.
A person is walking forward.
Someone is walking very quickly.
A person walks forward.
A person walking to the right
Somebody walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person is looking around with his head and making a few steps.
A human walks up and down on a line.
A person is hobbling in different directions having his hands put to his right leg.
Person stirring something
A person wipes with their left hand.
A person is turning a wheel
a person wipes something away with its left hand
A person is wiping with his left hand.
The human moves his arm to the left
A person goes five steps forward.
A person doing relatively quick forward walking with low distance for each step and slightly bent knees while walking
A human is pushed from behind
A person decelerates.
a person walks quite fast forward
a human slows down and stops walking
Someone stops running.
Somebody stops walking.
A person jumps on the spot, throwing his hands in the air before walking 5 steps forwards.
human jumps and goes forward afterwards
Someone is jumping and afterwards walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person jumps up about 10cm and then walks forward for a few steps
A person jumps vertically about 20 cm high, then takes a few forward steps.
A person jumps and walks.
Someone jumps up approcimately 10 centimeters and then walks forwards taking 4 steps.
A person steps to the left with his left foot then crosses behind with his right foot before returning to the starting position.
A person gets pushed from the right and performs a recovery step to the behind left side.
A person dodges backwards to the left
A person dodges sidewards.
A human walks forwards, then turns around to the right and begins to walk the other way, then stops.
A person walks forward two steps, turns 180 degree on the right foot and walks again two steps.
A human makes 2 steps forward on one line, turns on its right foot and walks back to the spot where it started.
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person is walking forward while looking around.
Person walking forwards a few steps
Someone walks forward
a person walks three steps backwards
A person performs a sidestep to the left.
A human is sprinting.
Someone is walking forward very fast doing 5 steps and then stopping.
A person is jogging a
A person joggs forwards.
A person is jogging.
A person starts jogging.
a person jogs frowards
A person is performing driving motions with its arms.
A human playing a guitar
human performs a motion which resembles playing guitar
A person is dancing.
Person walking and turning on one foot
Someone walks forward then turn around and walks back
a human does a turn around
Someone walks forward
A human walks a few steps forward.
A person walks forward and is pushed backwards after a couple of steps.
A person walks against an object.
an man bumps into something while walking
A person walks forward.
The human is walking very slowly
a person walks in a rightward circle
A person walks forward then tu rns around by his left side and walks forward again.
A person walks two steps forward, turns around and walks back to the starting point.
A standing person gets pushed from the front and recovers by taking a step back.
a person gets shoved back
a person stands still but then gets pushed backwards
A person stumbles back.
Somebody is pushed back.
human goes forwards starting by right, turns around partway, and goes back to the starting position
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn and walks some more steps
a human runs forward
A human performing a handspring
A person turns a wheel.
cartwheel starting with left leg
A human does a cartwheel
A person turns a cartwheel.
a person does a cartwheel
A human does a cartwheel
Somebody turns a wheel.
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
a person walks forwards a few steps and then turns 180 degrees to the left and walks back a few meters again
Somebody turns around.
A person gets pushed in the back and recovers in 1 step.
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person steps forward and turns 180 degrees.
Someone needs something in front of him using both hands.
A person picks something up from the ground using his right hand.
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back to the original position.
A person kneels down on hands an feet.
A person gets on all fours, ready to crawl.
A person goes down to his knees.
A human goes down on all fours
A person is sitting and resting its head onto its right arm.
A human performs one large step forwards and rightwards.
A person crawls on the floor
A human gets down on all fours and imitates a four-legged animal.
A person goes to his knees and crawls.
a human walks on all four.
Someone gets down on his knees and hands and walks around.
A person walks forward and is pushed very gently from the behind
A person walks forward, is pushed forward on the back and stumbles forward.
A human does a left-handed boxing jab.
Someone punches with the left fist
A person goes into a boxing position and performs a punch with it's left hand.
A person hits something with its left hand
A human is performing a straight punch to the face with the left arm, while the right arm stays up in defence position
A human lifts his hands to the chest and boxes with its left hand once.
A human punches with left hand.
A human is walking forwards.
A person is walking forward.
A person walks forwads slightly to the left
A person walks counter clockwise in a circle.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person takes two steps forward, turn around on one foot and walks back to the start position.
A person walks in a figure of eight.
a peron performing acrobatic task
A human raises their left foot and touches it with the right hand.
a person is stomping with the left foot on the ground
a person stomps his left foot
A person throwing something.
a person start running to the front
a person break dances
Someone who throws and catches something.
A person is doing a cartwheel to the right.
Person walking forwards
A person walks forward
a person just walks forward
A person performs a little hop.
A person jumps vertically off the ground with both feet.
A person performs a jump
A person performs an upright jump.
A human jumps in place.
A person is walking forward very slowly while looking around.
Someone takes a few steps forward because he is shoved from behind
A standing person gets shoved from behind.
Person cautiously walking through uneven, wiggly terrain, possibly stones under water
a person stand and then starts to walk forward
Someone strolls for four steps.
A human walks in a clockwise circle.
A human goes around, circulates.
human goes in a circle clockwise
A person walks
A person walks in a circle.
Someone goes around in a circuit.
a person walks in a circle to the right
A human is performing a right 360° curve
A human walking forward
A person performs digging moves like with a shovel.
A person stands with both knees slightly bend and hands in front of him half an arm length away.
A person walks clockwise on a quarter circle with 1,5m radius.
Someone throws something with the left hand.
A person walks forward
Someone walks forward
A person walks some meters straight forward
A human walks fast along the path of a number eight.
A person is boxing with his right hand.
A person is kicking at something at knee height
A person kicks something with its right  foot
A person performs a low kick.
A human performs a forward kick with his right leg.
A person is walking up to sit on something, sits there for a short while and then stands up again and walks away.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and keeps on walking
A person walks in clock-wise circle and stops facing 90 degrees to the left relative from the starting position.
A human is walking three quarter of a circle to its right.
A person walks in a circle.
human walks upstairs
A human walks forwards
Someone is going up the stairs.
A person climbs the stairs
A person walks up a hill forward.
A person walks up a hill.
A person walks up stairs.
Someone walks up a slope.
A person walks up a slope
A human waling in a circle clockwise
A person walks in a little circle.
A person walks in a small circle to the right.
A person is getting on his knees.
A person stretches his arms up to the sky and kneels down afterwards.
a person shrugs shoulders and then kneels down to the ground
A human is kneeling down, with assistance of the left arm
A person runs and stops.
a person runs a few meters from standing still
A person is jogging and stops.
the person is performing a forward walk
A person is walking relaxed
A person is walking forward.
a person walks slowly forwards
A person walks forward.
A person walks forwards.
Subject walks forward and then is pushed backwards.
walking forward and recovering from external force before continuing walking forward.
a person walks forwards and suddenly gets pushed from the front
a human bumps into something while walking
a person walks four steps forward
A person is walking forward casual.
Someone is taking a few steps back
a person walks backward
a human walks backwards
a person signs a cross
A human starts to play violin
human plays the violin
The human is playing a violin
Somebody sands something
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person walks backwards.
A person goes one meter forward, turns dynamically and goes back.
A person performs swiping gestures with the left hand.
A person performs a headstand and a backflip.
A person walks four steps backwards.
A person walks backwards slowly.
Somebody walks backward.
A person walks in a square.
A persons walks and then does a U-turn on the spot
A person turns on his left foot.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
human runs forward hasty
A person runs a few meters straight forward
A person is running, then stops abruptly.
A person runs and comes to a full stop.
a person walks forward
A human starts to run.
A person is slowly walking straight forward.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
Person walking in a curve to the left
human goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left
A person raises his right arm in front of his face then starts waving.
human performs a waving motion with right hand
a person waves with its right hand
A person walks approximately two meters forward.
Some walks a distance of quarter of a circle to the right.
Someone walks in a quater circle to the right.
A human performing a kick with the right foot
human performs a low kick
human walks forward starting with left, is turning around and walks back to the starting position
A person steps on predefined waypoints.
A human is balancing while stepping on defined positions for the foots
A person is walking over an obstacle.
A person walks over a ledge.
A person walks forward
Someone makes a sidestep to the left
A person gets pushed from his right side.
a person stepping over an obstacle during forward walking
A person turns 360 degrees to the right during a jump.
A human presses buttons on a wall in front of him using his right hand.
A human moves straight forward.
A person walks forward 4 steps.
a person walks forward a few steps
A person walks slowly a few steps forward.
A person walks slowly for four steps and stops.
A person walks four steps to the forward direction.
stop from front ruining
A person walks slowly forward and is pushed very slightly to the right.
A person walks forward, is pushed from the left, recovers and keeps walking.
someone steps suddenly aside to the right when he is walking and then steps forwards left back.
A person goes four and a half steps forward while looking at their feet.
The human walks a couple of steps
A person repeatedly picks something up from the floor and holds the object high above.
A person walks forward then turns around by its right side and then walks forward again.
A person appears to begin walking in a circle.
human goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left
Walking in a quarter circle to the left.
A human bends her knees slightly and walks.
A person goes to the right.
Subject kicks forward.
A human makes a karate kick with its left food and brings his hand to the chest and its elbows out.
A person kicks something with his left foot
A person kicks forward with the left foot.
Somebody hits something with his left foot.
A person walks forward
A person goes forward without haste.
A person takes five forward steps on flat ground.
A person walks a circle clock-wise.
A person walks in clock-wise circle.
A human is walking in a circle to the right.
A person moves four and a half steps forward and stumbles during this walk.
a persons walks forward and then gets pushed from behind
a human stumbles.
A person walking in a quarter circle to the right.
fast walking motion
Someone is walking straight forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A person makes 5 steps forward.
A person walks straight forward a few meters
A person walks forwards.
A person is walking forward
The human walks straight forward
A person is walking forwards.
Somebody walks straight on.
a human lies on the ground and then starts to stand up
A human moves two meters forward.
a person walks forwards
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A boxer is training and feelering
A person standing still, that might be pushed so that it takes one step backwards, or is just casually doing an awkward backstep
A human makes a step backwards and starting with its right food.
a person gets pushed from the front
A person walks backwards.
Someone moves forward in a jog.
A human starts jogging, moving up its hands and stopping the jogging movement
a person jogs for some meters
A Person jogs a few steps.
a person walks forward slowly, takes a few quick steps back and walks again forwards
a person walks forwards gets pushed back and keeps on walking forwards
Someone walks forward
A human being pushed
A human is performinga sidestep to the back since being pushed from the front
A person is pushed over to the left, catches his steps and returns to the previous position
a person stand still and gets pushed to the left and takes a step backwards to its original position
A person dodges an incoming object.
human is push from right hand side
A human walking backwards
After a few steps a person turns around suddenly and walks back
A person walks two steps forward, turn around 180° on one leg and takes two steps to the start position.
Someone walks forwards, quickly turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards
A person takes four steps back.
A person walks back some meters
A human plays basketball.
A person walks four steps forward.
A person is walking.
A person looks around and then walks forward.
Subject does a whipping motion. Or maybe table tennis.
A person performs a flat throwing motion.
A person throws something at the floor
A person moves his right arm to slap something in front of him
A person walking cool from left to right.
A drunken man drinking on the street
Subject starts jogging forward.
A human is walking fast forward and holds its hands like it is running.
a person jogs forward
a human is running a few steps
A person walkes forward fast.
A human walking straight with pretty stiff legs and little bit of shaking hips
A persons is pushed to the left while walking forward.
A person takes a few steps and avoids an obstacle to his right.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person stumbles backwards.
A person taking a step back
A person plays the air guitar.
A human is striking a guitare with the right hand
A standing person moves its hands as if playing the guitar.
A human walks forwards and slowly turns right, then stops.
The person walks a right bend.
A human is walking a 90° right curve
A perso n turns right.
some one turns a lager right corner.
Subject walks forward is pushed back and walks forward again.
A person walks forward.
Person walking downwards steps or a slope
He walks straight.
Someone is walking downward
A Person is walking forward.
A human walks down a stair and stops when reaching the ground.
a person walks a few meters forward
A person is walking forward
A person walks down stairs.
A person takes 5 steps.
A person walks forward being energized.
someone walks right front.
A person gesticulates intensively with both hands.
A human walks 4 steps backwards.
A person bends both arms upwards.
A human walking in a circle clockwise
A person catch a ball and throw it afterwards.
A person makes a far jump.
The human whirls around.
Person turning on one foot
A person walks forward, turns around on the spot and walks back.
a person walks to steps forwards the turns left 180 degrees and keeps walking
A person walks forward before turning around 180° to his left and then walks forward 2 steps in the opposite direction
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
A person takes a step to the left.
A person is on all fours and stands up
Someone stands up
a person stands up from the ground
Someone gets up from being on all fours.
A person is turning right.
A person is pushed back.
A person turns 90° to the right at medium speed.
A person walks in an quarter circle.
A human walks a quarter of a circle to its right.
A person draws two vertical lines with both hands.
A person is sprinting up and down a small hill or obstacle.
A person turns 180° to the right at fast speed.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
A person swings a baseball bat twice.
A person makes a circling motion with the right hand like wiping a table.
A human seems to be cutting something with a knife
A human walks in a circle clockwise.
Person is turning left
a person walks to the left performing a 90 degrees turn and walking in a quarter circle
The human perfoms a left turn
a person takes a left turn of 90 degrees
human takes a bow
A human bows.
A person bows.
A human lifting the left leg
A human is lifting and stomping with the left foot
A human lifts its left food and tries to look under it.
a person raises his left foot and lets it sink again
a man schich foot
Someone is stomping with his left foot.
A person walks five steps forward
a person walks some steps forward
a person starts running and stops
a person runs forwards
A person walking forwards and then stumbling to the right.
A person is pushed from left.
A person walks counterclockwise in a small circle.
A human walks in a counterclockwise circle, completing one round in 8 steps
A human walks a full circle to its left and stops right before where it started.
A person waves with the right hand one time.
A person wipes a surface in front of him.
A person is moving forward on a skateboard.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person walks 4 steps.
A person gets pushed in the back and recovers in one step.
A person performs a single forward step to recover from a push from behind.
Subject does one sidestep right.
A human is pushed from the side
Someone is beeing pushed from the left side and compensates with a sidestep to the right.
a person takes a step to the right
A person sidesteps to the right
Someone jumps to the left.
A human performs a jump to the left.
A person jumps to his left.
A human jumps and turns 90 degrees
A person walks forward with medium speed.
A person walks 4 steps.
A person moves both arms up and down towards the side
a person is doing a left u-turn while walking
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person is jumping while running forward.
A person performs a low sidekick with the left foot.
The human kicks with his left foot.
a person stirs with his right hand
Person waving with the left arm
Someone waves with the left hand
a person waves with its left hand
A human waves with his left hand.
Multiple forward, backward and sideways motions in different directions.
A human stepping to the side
A person stands still and is pushed slightly to the right.
Somebody goes a step to the right.
a person walks a few steps forward, turns around and walks back
A person stumbling a few steps to the left
A person jumps to the left and walks back to his original position.
A person is doing a short sprint
A person joggs forward.
A person is jogging and stops.
A person runs in the forward direction.
A person starts running, takes six steps and comes to a rest again.
a person jogs some meters forwards
some one starts jogging and stops in five steps.
a person walks in a circle to the left
A person is walking in a circle counter-clockwise.
a human is walking in circle
Person walking to the right
A person walks and turns right
a person walks to the right
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
A person jumps forward with both legs after taking a run-up.
A person walks two steps, turns around and walks another two steps.
A person walks a few steps forward and turns 180 degrees and takes another step forward
Someone walks on uneven terrain.
Someone is walking over obstacles which are higher than the ground level.
a person walks over some objects
Someone is walking on uneven terrain.
Somebody balances on something.
A person walks forward and returns.
Person walking for a few steps
human goes forward slowly starting with right
a person walks, picks up an object and inspects it
A person is standing straight upright with their arms streched out sideways.
human stands with its arm being streched out sideways
A human is balancing with its hands streched out, in a static position.
a person has both arms raised to both side like wings
A person holds his arms on the height of his shoulders.
A person is balancing while holding out his arms
Someone stands with his arms raised to the side.
A person runs
Someone is trying to walk fast 4 steps starting with the right leg and then stopping.
A person walks, turns on the spot and walks again.
A kneeling person raises their arms to the sides and stands up.
kneeling person stands up.
The human stands up
A human playing a guitar
Someone is playing guitarre.
The human plays guitar
a person plays the guitar
Somebody knocks on something with his right hand.
A person is two times walking up to sit on something, sits there and walks away again.
A person makes a wiping motion with the left hand.
A person moving his left arm horizontally in front of him in counterclockwise circles.
Someone wipes a surface with the left hand.
human goes in a circle counterclockwise
A human is walking in a circle to its left.
A human walking backwards
A person walks a curve 90 degree to the right.
A person is walking slowly to the right.
A person walks in a quarter circle.
Somebody walks a quarter circle in clockwise direction.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
A human is walking in a left curve, doing a 90° turn
A person walks a quarter circle to the left, taking five steps.
A person turns left
a human walks a quarter to the left
A person stands still.
A person leisurely walks three paces, pauses, walks three more paces, pauses, walks two paces, turns around and walks 8 paces back and then turns so they're facing the original orientation again.
A human walks in a small circle.
A human walks forward.
A human shoots with a gun.
Person walking steps down
A person walks forward
A human walks forwards
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person walks down the stairs
A person is walking.
a person gets shoved from the back
a human makes one step forward, as if he was pushed in the back.
Someone moves his or her right hand in the form of a half circle, which is open on its left side.
A person uses his right hand to hit something.
a person wipes something with its right hand
A person makes motions as if opening a door.
A human sits on an approximately 1m high platform.
Someone walks three steps in curve to the right
A person walks a small half circle.
Somebody walks a quarter circle in clockwise direction
A person performs a fast 180° turn.
Walking two steps and doing a turn by 180 degrees to the left and walk another two steps.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and keeps on walking
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
human goes forward and turns around around partway
A person stands, then walks a few steps, then stops again
Someone is walking forward slowly doing 4 steps starting with the left leg.
A person makes 4 steps forward slowly.
A person is pushed in the back and therefore makes a few steps forwards.
A person gets pushed from the front and recovers in 1 step.
A person takes a large and a small step backward.
a person gets pushed from the front
A person walks slowly
A person is slowly walking forward.
a human walks slowly while bonding forward
the person is walking through a  circular path
A human is walking in circle.
Someone plays two strokes on the guitar
a person holds something in its right hand touches it along with its left hand
Someone is holding his right arm up and stroking with his left arm in front of his upper body.
Someone kneels down to the floor.
a person kneels down on all four and then raises to his knees
the person is kneeling down with the support of two hands
a person waves with his left hand one time
someone waves with the left hand one time.
A person is waving.
human goes forward starting with right
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise
The human walks a circle
Someone walks over an obstacle.
Someone walks a full circle.
A person walking forward three quarters of a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the left
human jumps forward
A person walking forwards, turning on the left foot and then walking back again
A person walks counterclockwise in a small circle.
A person walks a circle.
the person is walking backwards
A person walkes backward.
A human is kneeling down on the floor.
A standing person gets down on his knees, supporting his weight with the right hand.
The human is kneeling on the floor
A person is balancing forward with both arms stretched out to the side.
A walking person takes two steps forward then turns around to their left, and continues walking in the opposite direction and stops.
A person takes two steps forward, then turns around to the left by 180 degrees and takes another three steps, back to the starting point.
Someone is walking forward two steps starting with the right leg, turning around his left side facing backwards and doing another two steps.
A person is waving the right hand.
A person attentively follows an object that moves around it.
A person walks and turns left
Someone walks forward then turn left
A person is walking backwards.
A human dances.
a person walks a circle
A person lifts up his left arm, bent at the elbow, then moves his right arm across his chest, hand just above the elbow of the raised left arm.
A person performs the movement of a violin player.
A persons moves its arms as if playing the violin.
A person is playing the violin.
A person makes motion as if playing violine.
a person plays the violin with its right hand
A human performing a kick with the right foot
A person is kicking with his right leg.
A person starts jogging.
a person jogs forwards
A human turns left in 4 steps
A person walks in third of a circle.
A person is taking a left turn while walking.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left
The human perfoms a left turn
A person is bending a bit forward and then jumping and running a bit.
A person gets down on all fours.
A person will step on his two knees, making use both arms to support itself.
a person goes down on his knees
A person goes down to his knees.
A person walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks in a circle and looks facing down.
A person walks a circle in the right direction
The human walks a circle (right turn)
A person walks forward while turning to the right
A person goes forward in a semicircle.
The human perfoms a right turn
A person walks counter clockwise in a circle.
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
A person throws a ball
Someone plays tennis with the left arm
A person moves his left arm fast.
a person throws something away with its left hand
Person stumbles forward.
A human stumbles
A person trips a little.
a person is walking up a ramp
A human climbs some stairs
Someone waves with their right hand.
Person waving with the right hand
Someone rises his right arm and waves with it
A person waves for 5 times using the right hand.
A human is waving with its right hand.
Person is standing up from the ground
A person walks forward and stumbles to the left during that.
A person walks forward then turns around by his left, then walks forward again.
A human walking.
A person goes left.
a person walks to the left
A person walks forward fast.
A person moves in a circle clockwise.
A human walks a small circle to its left.
A person walks forward while turning to the left
Someone walks a left turn
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person steps onto something.
A person climbs some steps
human goes upstairs
Somebody walks a step up.
A human walks slowly forward..
The human walks very slowly
A person running
a man is jogging
A person walking in a curve to the left.
a person walks a left turn of 90 degrees
A person runs two meters and decelerates.
a person walks quite fast
A person takes a few steps while accelerating.
The human runs to a specific point
A person quickly walks forward
someone start quick walking and stop
a person walks a quarter circle to the right
A human is making a 180 degrees turn.
a person walks forwards a few steps and then turns 180 degrees to the right and walks back a few meters again
The human walks a right bend.
Somone walks in a quarter circle to the right.
A person turns 180° to the right.
A person does slowly takes to big steps forwards, swings around 180° on one foot and takes to big steps back to the starting point
A person walking slowly forwards for a few steps
someone start walking slowly and stops in a while.
Someone  dribbling past
A human trips over something.
Someone beeing pushed from some direction while walking forward.
A forward walking person gets shoved from behind.
a person starts to walk but then gets pushed from behind
A person is walking and then kicks his own feet.
A person hits something with a racket on his left.
A person swings a bat.
A person performs a throwing motion.
a human throws something on the ground
A person is walking forwards.
A person jumps in the air and then walks 4 steps in the forward direction.
A person walking in a circle to the left.
A person walks in a quarter circle.
A person is swimming backstroke.
Subject is playing the guitar.
a person performs a guitar stroke
A person is hanging on a bar with both hands and swinging forward and backward.
A human boxes alternating with his left and right hand.
A person goes one diagonal step forward to the right front using his right food first.
a person is swimming
A human walks.
A person is running forward.
A person walks forward
A person walks forward.
A person walks.
A person kneels down on the floor, using the right hand as support.
A person stretching both arms then going down to his knees.
A person raising his arms to the height of his shoulders before getting down on his knees.
a person raises its hands like wings and then goes down on its knees
The human walks a 90-degree left bend.
A person walking to the left.
A person turns left.
someone is walking half a round to his left side
A person walks and turns to the left
A person walks a quarter circle with a radius of approximately 1 meter to the left.
a person walks to the left in a quater circle
A person walking forward in a 90° curve.
The human perfoms a left turn
A person is climbing stairs.
A person walks forward and is pushed to the right.
A human performs multiple punches and low kicks.
A person walks in circles counterclockwise, then sits down and stand up sometimes, walks in circles counterclockwise, sits down and then runs counterclockwise.
Someone who mimics a dog.
A person walking forwards, then turning on the right foot and walking back again.
A person turns left.
A person moves to the left.
A human is walking a quarter of a circle to its left.
Subject walks forward and then walks right.
a person walks forward and then turns 90 degrees to the left
a person performs a sharp left turn of 90 degrees
A person is doing a somersault forward.
A person lifting their hands for defense and kicking with the left foot, like a kickboxing move.
A person kicks something with its left foot
Kicking with the left foot.
A person makes a kick.
A human walking forwards
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
human goes forward starting with right, turns around and goes back to starting position
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
human takes a step to the right
A person walks slowly in a circle in clockwise direction.
A human walks slowly a full circle to its right and ends up on the spot where it started.
A person is jogging to the left.
A human ducks down and takes her hands over her head.
Person walking and turning on one foot
someone is a flip-flopper
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back
A human walks forwards, turns and walks back
Someone is walking forward 2 steps starting with the left leg, then turning back around his right side and walking back 2 steps.
A human walks a few steps forward, turns 180 degrees right and walks back again.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
A person turns around after taking two steps forward and walks another two steps in the other direction.
A human makes 2 steps forward, turns on its right food and walks back where it started.
A human performs a boxing punch.
The person first
A person is shuffling forward then taking a turn to the right.
Someone who walks slowly and looks around.
a person walks in a circle to he left
A person is walking backwards.
A person walks 5 steps backwards.
a person walks and stops.
a person makes a T pose
a man try to balance
the person is walking backwards
A person walks backwards.
A person walks in a clockwise circle.
A person walks in a clockwise circle.
A Person walking in a Circle.
A person turns to his right .
someone is walking one round to his side
A person is walking to the left by making a circle shape
A person goes around in a circuit
a person walks in a circle to the right
Somebody walks a circle clockwise.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person moves both hands in circles in front of its body.
A person performes multiple dance moves
A person is falling.
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person is walking in a slalom.
A human is break dancing
A person walks a curve of 90 degrees to his left.
A person walks a quarter circle to the left, taking five steps.
A person walks in a quarter-circle line.
Someone waves with both hands.
a human stands like he or she wants to sit down in the next moment
A person starts a circular movement towards the left.
human slowly goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with right
A person walks forward while turning to the right
A person goes to the right, where it passes through a quarter circle line along.
A human walking back and forward in a straight line
human goes forward, turns around partways, and goes back to starting position
A person walks down a slope and then climbs some stairs.
A persons bends the upper body to the left.
Someone in fighting stance is ducking down to the left side.
a person playing baskeball
Subject does quick sidestep to the side.
Subject does an evasive motion in boxing and punches with its left hand.
a person ducks and then punches something with its left arm
A person stands with borh hands raised to chest height, ducks and performs a punch with its left hand.
A person throwing a left jab
A person imitates a penguin.
Person walking to the left
human goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left
Someone is pushed to the right.
A standing person is pushed from the left side and compensates with a sidestep to the right.
the person is walking a head
A person walks slowly and stops.
A person walks forward without hurry.
A person walkes forward.
The human subject performs a hopping walk.
A person lies on his face and stands up.
the person is running forward and then stops
A person plays golf.
a person plays golf
A human walking in a circle clockwise
A person walks a circle, radius approximatly 1,5 m
A person jogs forward
A human runs after something and yanks it back.
A human turning left
A person walks a left curve
human performs a bending walking motion to its left hand side
A human playing a violin
a person plays the violin with its left hand
walking backwards with caution
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person gets down to the knees.
A person runs.
A Person is running.
A person is pushed forward while walking forwards.
A person points to the sky using their right arm then lowers it back down.
A person salutes with his right hand.
A person is doing a pointing gesture with their right arm
a person points to something which is in front of it and higher from the ground with its right hand
A person walks in a clockwise circle
A person running in a full circle, clockwise.
A person dances macarena.
A person jumps with both legs approximately 30 centimeters forward.
A person kneeling on the floor and then standing up using the right hand
A person stands up
A human was on his knees and stands up.
A person had opened a bottle of drink, then poured the drink into a cup and drank.
Subject does a handstand.
A human performs a handstand and then ends up where it started.
a person performs a handstand
The human perfoms a handstand
Somebody does a handstand.
A person waves his left hand.
A person goes four and half steps forward.
A person walking forward slightly to the right.
A person walks forward and performs a turn to the right.
A person walks in a quarter-circle to the right.
A person walks towards me.
Someone comes close to the camera
A person is walking in a curve to the right.
Someone comes very close to the observer.
A human takes a 90 degree right turn.
a person walking five steps to the right
A person walks slowly a curve
A person walks in a 90 degree turn towards the right
A human slowly turns right by 5 steps
A person walks  a quarter circle with a radius of approximately 1 meter to the right.
A human is performing a 90° curve to the right
A person is walking a quarter of a circle to its right.
a person walks to the right performing a quarter circle
A person walks forward in a 90° curve to his right.
The human perfoms a right turn
A person is doing slow a 90° right turn in five steps
human performs a bending walking motion to the right
Subject is waltzing.
a person dances with another person
A person is jumping in the air with both feet and also single foot.
A person walks in circles.
A person is walking in a clockwise circle.
A person raises his arms to his sides, kneels down and crawls one meter.
A person is getting down on all fours an crawling forward a few meters.
First a person raises his arms to the height of his shoulders and then goes down on his knees and crawls forward.
a person raises his arms like wings and then goes down to its knees and crawls for a few
human goes forward starting with right leg
A human performs a 45° side step to the front, back and front again.
A man standing and drinking a bottle of water
A person raises his left hand and waves.
A person waving his left hand to greet.
a person waves with the left hand
A person jumps approximately a meter forward with both feet.
A person performs a diagonal step right front starting with his right leg.
A human walks in an ellipse.
Someone waves with both hands.
Person waving with both hands
someone is waving with both arms
a person is walking and then pushed.
A human takes two steps forward, is pushed to the right by somebody, regains his posture and carefully continues on his original path.
a person walks forwards is pushed by something from his left and then takes a few more steps
A person walks forward and is pushed to the right.
A person is dodging an obstacle to the right.
A person crawls forwards on all fours.
A person is crawling on all fours.
Someone is getting on is knees and walking around on his knees and hands.
A person makes a throwing gesture with the right hand.
Someone strikes out and throws something to the floor using the right hand.
A person touches the floor with their right hand and kneels down.
A person walks forward and is pushed slightly from the right-hand side
Someone walks forward and make a sidestep to the left and get back to the path
A person waves forward with the left hand.
A human waves with its left hand.
A Person doing a tennis racket like movement
A person slaps with his left hand.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person is taking a left turn while walking
A persond walks a left curve
A person turns right.
A person slowly walks a 90° turn in four steps
Someone walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
A human walks in a circle with a diameter of 2m.
Someone walk in a full counter-clockwise circle.
A person walks in a full circle.
Someone makes a circle
He turns around.
A person walks a circle.
someone walks one round
A person walks a full anti-clockwise circle.
A person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks a circle to the left
The human walks a circle
A human walks in circle counterclockwise.
Subject walks forward with big steps spins around and walks back.
human performs a turning motion to the left while walking
A person walks forward at medium speed.
human slowly goes forward
A person walks forward
A person slowly and cautiously goes 5 steps forward.
a person walks forward quite slow
A person walking in a 90 degrees curve to the right
A person turns right.
A person briefly raises both hands and move them back down.
A person sits back in a chair, stands up, sits back again and stands up again.
A person plays the air violin
The human is playing violin
A person makes a step forward and then performs a high kick with their right leg.
a person performs a push kick with his right foot
A person turns left.
A person turns left.
A person walks counter clockwise in a circle.
Someone walks in a circle of appoximately 2 meters in diameter  to the right.
Someone walks forward very fast.
A person walks fast forward.
Somebody walks without stable posture.
A person wiping with his left hand.
A person wipes a table.
The subject walks forward.
Person walking forwards
Someone walks away.
A person walks forward
A person just walks
a person walks straight forward some steps
A person walks 5 steps beginning with the left foot.
Someone kicks highly with his right leg.
a person kicks something with its right foot
The human kicks with his right foot
A person performs a high kick
a persons jumps half a meter to the front
A person walking in a quarter circle to the right
a person walks a few steps forwards and the turn to the right
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human performs a squat.
Someone does two squats.
a man is doing squats
A person walking in a circle to the left.
A person moves in a slow walk around a corner
A person moves two steps forward, turns around and goes back.
A person walks 2 steps forward, then he turns around 180° to his right and walks another 2 steps forward in the opposite direction.
Someone walks forward.
Someone walks forward
A human is making a clockwise turn.
A Person is walking a quarter circle in clockwise direction.
A person reaches for something with the right hand first and then uses both hands to bang against the object.
A human beats with his left arm.
Someone is throwing a ball with his left hand or playing tennis.
a person throws something with its left arm
A person walking briskly for a few steps forward
a person walks forwards quite fast
A persons walks five steps as if having a big belly
someone walks with little detour.
human goes forward
human runs a few steps forward
An initially standing person takes a few running steps forward.
A person runs a few meter
A person jumps up and trurns 360° around himself before landing.
the person make a walk along a circular path
Someone is walking in a circle counterclockwise.
A person walks a circle to the left
A person is walking in a circle
A person performs a punching motion.
A human running forwards
a person runs forwards a few meters
a human runs a few steps
A person is jogging forwards, arms bent, hands at chest level.
A person runs forward.
A person is running a few steps and stops.
A person performing a short sprint
A person performs a high kick while turning.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards
a person walks forward anf turns slightly to the right
A person walks and turns 90 degrees to the right.
A human is walking in a 90° right curve
A person reaches for different objects using the right hand.
Someone is walking a circle.
a person walks three fourth of a circle
A person walks in a three quarter circle to his left side.
A person is pushed from right.
A person walks 2 steps forward, 2 to the left side and 3 diagonally to the right forward, all the time facing the same direction.
A human walks forward and is slightly shoved from the right while walking
A person walks forward but is pushed to the left and the goes back on track again
human is pushed from its right hand side while walking
A person looking to the left while crouched.
A person performs a punching motion.
A person throws an object.
someone smashes something on the floor.
getting ready to jump and jumping
A person jumps over an obstacle while running.
A human jumps forwards.
The human walks a counter-clockwise circle.
A human walks in a circle
Someone opens something, puts an object inside, then closes it again
A person is bowing in an forty five degree angle
A person bows.
a person takes a bow
Someone wipes something.
A human performs a sirring motion
a person wipes omething with its left hand
A person is moving as if cleaning a surface at breast hight.
A person walking forward
A human walks forwards, turns around and walks back again.
a person walk 5 steps forward
A human is slowly moving forward
A person takes 4 steps forward.
A person takes 4 forward steps.
A person standing still and then stumbling backwards.
a persons stumbles a step backwards
A person gets pushed and makes a step back to avoid falling.
A human pushed from the side
A human gets puched from its right side and makes a step to the left.
A person stumbles to the left
A person is slowly walking and turning in right angles.
A person walks slowly
human slowly goes forward
A human performs a jump.
The lays down on the floor and stands up again.
A person makes a small jump.
A human walks upstairs.
a human jumps while turning left
A person makes a throwing motion with the right hand.
Someone throws something to the floor using the right hand.
a person throws something on the ground with its right hand
A person is carefully walking forward and backward again while looking down.
A person walks a quarter of a small circle counterclockwise.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
Some walks a quarter circle to the left.
A human is being pushed to the left.
A person walks forward
Someone walks forward
A person walking 4 steps forward
A person lifts their arms for a moment and then sits down on the floor.
Someone raises his arms to the side and then gets down on his knees.
a person runs a few steps
A person performs a kicking motion with the right leg.
The human is kicking with his right foot
A person slowly moves approximately 3 meters forward.
A person makes four steps forward in a quarter circle to the left.
A person walks a 90 degree curve to the left.
a person performs a throwing motion with his right arm
A human throws something
A human throws something away with its right hand.
a person throws something with its right hand
A man take something up on the ground , and put it into the shelf
A person is dancing
a person walks forward
A clumsy or intoxicated person takes one step forward and stops to balance themselves.
Subject takes one step forward with right foot.
A human is pushed from the bak
a person gets a little bit pushed from the back
A human gets a gentle puch in the back and trips on step forward.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human goes forward, turns around and goes back.
a person performs a 180 degree turn on one foot
human kicks something
A person performs a kick with their left leg.
A person performs a kick with their left foot after taking a step forward with their right foot.
A person performs a front kick.
A human steps forward, holds its hands like it is protecting its face and makes a low kick with the sole of foot with its left foot.
A person performing a left kick
Somebody hits something with his left foot.
A person turns 90° to the left at medium speed.
A person turns left.
A person walks forward and turns to the left
A person walks a 90 degree curve to the left.
A person walks a left curve at 100 degrees
Person holding a heavy bar.
A person picks up an object with the left hand, passes it to the right hand and puts it back down.
A human performs a 90° counter clockwise jump.
A person walks four fast steps forward.
A person takes 4 steps.
A person runs forward and stops.
Subject is backing away.
A person walks backwards a few steps
A person is pushed back.
A person moves a little bit and then stands by
A person takes a lunge to the right and then returns to the initial position.
a human makes a step back to the side and returns in his initial position
the person is walking back to the initial position by following a circular path
A person walking a few, slow steps forwards.
A person takes 7 steps.
someone is pushed from behind, but then catches himself.
A human is pushed from behind
human is pushed from behind
A human makes one step forward, as if he was pushed in the back
A human walks a quarter circle to the left
A person turns left.
A person goes two steps forward, turns around and goes two and a half steps back.
A person walks forward in a straight line before turning 180° to his right and then walks another 2 steps forward.
Someone takes two steps forward, turns around on the right foot and takes another two steps.
A person performs a huge left-diagonal step
Person walking to the left
human goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left
A person performs the male basic step of the Cha-Cha-Cha ballroom dance.
Person stands up from a kneeing position.
a person stands up from the ground
A person turns right at medium speed.
A person walking forwards, turning on the right foot and walking back again
A person is spinning around while walking.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks forward again
A person walks carefully 4 steps forward.
A person walks forwards.
Someone is walking a small clockwise circle.
A person walks in circle to his right side.
a person walks in a circle to the right
Multiple times, a human walks forwards, turns around and walks back again.
A person walks four steps forward.
A person draws two horizontal lines into air using both hands.
A person is slowly and carefully walking forward and backward.
Someone jogs a short distance.
Someone runs forward
A person walks forward.
A person is walking forward a few steps.
A person is walking forward with swinging arms.
A person turns right.
A person walks and turns to the right.
A human marches forward from one point to another turns around an moves back to starting point
A person walks to the forward direction then turns by 180 degrees to his right and walks forward again.
A human walking in a circle clockwise
A person walks in a little circle.
A person is standing with his arms stretched out to the side
A person stand stetching both arms to the side.
A person is slowly and concentrated walking up a little inclination.
Someone walks forward in a slow pace.
A person takes five slow steps forward.
A person walks very slowly.
A human does a cartwheel.
A person stops and then runs to the left.
A person walks straight forwards, turns around and then walks back.
A person walks forward and is pushed backwards
A person gets pushed from the front while walking forward.
A person performs a jump while turning 180 degrees to the left.
a person dodges.
A person is pushed to the right and recovering.
A person makes an 
compensatory movement to his right side.
A person walks and avoids an obstacle to his left.
A person makes eight steps forward, turns round and walks back to the origin.
A person walks slowly to the forward direction.
A person walks slowly forward.
A person walks slowly.
A person moves crabwise to his right and back.
A person makes a workout.
A human performs a handspring.
A person jumps and turns 180 degrees mid-air
Someone walks in a slight right curve
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person is pushed from the right.
Someone performs a golf putt motion.
A person is putting
A human performs a golf shot to the left
A human grabs minigolf club, holds it on the right side of its hips and performs a slight hit of a ball.
a person play golf with its right hand
human performs a golf playing like motion
Someone is playing golf.
Subject throws with its left hand.
A person throws an object with the left hand.
A person is throwing something.
Throwing something with the left hand.
A human is walking clockwise in a circle.
a person walks a circle to the right
a person gets pushed to the left and walks
a person walks forward but gets pushed to the left and makes his way back on track
a human has been pushed to the side while walking straight
A person running.
A human being pushed from behind
a person gets pushed from behind
A person steps on a step to the right in front of him.
A person makes a small jump to the left
a person hops to the left
A person walks to the right and then to the left with lateral steps.
a person walks forward
a person walks forwards quite slow
A person walks a circle clockwise.
Someone walks in a small circle to the right.
A person walks forward
Someone walks forward
a person walks forward
a person opens a bottle and drinks
the standing person is suddenly pushed to the back
A person tumbles to the back left after being pushed.
A person gets stoved from the front right side and stumbles backwards to his back left side before standing still again.
a person gets pushed from the front
A person gets pushed backwards.
The human is scared of something and perfoms a step backwards
A person walks a ninety degree curve to the left.
A person walks two steps forward, starting with the left foot, performs a spot-turn of 180° on the right foot and walks back two steps
A person turns 180 degress on the tip of their right foot
A person turns left.
A person walks a left turn of 90 degrees while looking down.
A human performs a large side step to right down a small step.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person perfoms a jumping-jack motion.
Someone is doing one jumping jack.
a person does some jumping jacks
A human is performing one jumping jack
Somebody jumps like a jumping jack.
A person is making a jump forward with both feet.
A person walks forward while his posture suggests he might feel depressed or defeated.
Someone walks slowly forward
a person walks forwards quite slow
A person walks 4 steps in the forward direction.
A person walks forwards taking big strides.
Someone walks forward
a person walks forwards
A person is looking around with his head and upper body.
The jump performs a counter-clockwise jump.
A person stretch his body
A human claps his hands above his head
a person waves with his both arms
A person is running.
Someone is walking backwards four steps.
Someone does 4 steps backward starting with the left leg.
A human is walking backwards
A person walks 4 steps backwards.
A human is walking backwards
the person is walking forward
a person jumps forward
a person jumps forward with its two legs about 10 centimeters
A person performs one jump foreward
Someone jumps forwards.
A person goes forward, turns around and goes back.
A person turns on his let foot.
A person stretches his left arm up next to his head.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
The human walks then turn left and walks back to the starting point
A person walks forward at slow pace.
a person walks forward very slow
A person is pushed to their left-hand side
a person walks a few steps backwards
a person walks backwards about 4 steps
A person is doing steeplechases.
Someone walks slowly with small steps.
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person performs martial arts.
A person walks and gets kicked to the left.
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the left
A person running forwards for a few steps.
A human balances on one foot.
A human runs and jumps slightly.
fast 360 turn around while ruining
A person walks 4 steps forward.
a person walks slowly and stops
A person walks straight forwards for some meters
A human is tapping his left arm while facing right.
A person plays the guitar with his left hand.
A person plays an instument with his left hand.
A human jumps approximately half a meter forward.
A person performs a kick with the right leg.
the person is first walking ahead and then turning to the right
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A human impersonates a chicken flapping its wings.
Someone imitates a chicken
A human is wagging its arms like a "chicken"
A person moves his hands to his chest and moves his elbows up and down several times.
a person does the chicken moves
human performs a chicken dance
A person squats while doing a chicken wing motion with his arms.
A human takes one large step.
A person walking in a circle to the left
A person stands up from the lying on the ground
A person is walking sidewards to the right and the same way back to the left.
A person runs.
a person runs straight forwards
a human is sprinting
A person jumps to the front.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns on the right foot 180 degrees and walks again two steps forwards.
A person walks and turns around.
A person jumps and turns 90 degrees to the left while in the air
A person is doing a backflip landing on his back.
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back to the original position
A person walks forward then turns by 180 degrees and walks forward again.
A person dances
Subject does a waltzing motion.
A human is performing a dance
A person dances.
a human is practicing some dance steps
Someone puts his hands around another person and is dancing.
A person walks very enthusiastically.
A person dances with a partner.
a person dances with another person
A human is standing up.
A human walks forwards slowly.
Subject is walking forward.
Person stumbling to the left
Someone gets pushed from the right then get back to position
a person takes a step to the left and a step to the right again
A person runs forward.
A person starts to run, but slows down after a few steps.
A Person Running for a few steps.
Someone is running
Someone hurries away.
A person walks fast
A person walks fast to a point
A human goes 5 steps forward and stops
The human is running
A person starts running and stops after four steps.
A person stomps down his right foot.
human stomps its right foot on the ground
A person lifts the right foot and sets it back to the ground again.
A human lifts its right foot and stomps with the foot on the ground.
A person stamps the ground with his right foot.
the person is first showing two hands and then kneeling down by using both hands as support
Someone is kneeling down.
A person goes down to his knees and stretches his body.
A persons lifts both arms to shoulder height, then kneels down
A person balances over something while spreading their arms.
Person slowly walking forwards a few steps
Someone walks forward
A person is doing a right turn
A person is pushed to the left.
A person walks forwards.
A person walking forward at a casual pace
A person walking in a quarter circle to the left.
A person walks forwards, performs a sharp turn and walks back.
A person walks forward
Person hopping to the right side
A person jumps to the right
A person jumps to the right.
a person hops to the right.
A person is streching himself.
A person walks four steps forward with normal speed.
A person walks forwards.
A person is walking listlessly
A person walks forward.
the person is first walking ahead and then turning to the left
a person walks to the left in a quarter circle
A person running forward
a person jogs for a few meters
A person is jogging.
A human crouches down and searches the floor around her current location.
A person walking forward.
A person makes a handstand.
A person performs a hand stand.
Someone is doing a handstand.
A person turns 360° to the left while jumping
A person is doing sidewards punches like with paddle at ping-pong.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
human, slowly and firmly, goes forward
Subject walks forward.
A person starts walking 4 steps forward and then stops.
A person pushed from the back
Somebody has been pushed.
A person walking forwards for a few steps..
A person walks straight forward a few meters
A person is dancing.
A person walks forward a few steps before walking back a few steps and then forward again
A person climbs stairs.
a human is climbing some stairs.
slow walking motion
A person walks forward slowly.
A person takes five steps, beginning with the right foot, over flat ground.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps very slowly.
a person walks forwards very slowly
A standing person starts walking forward slowly.
A person is slowly walking forward
A person slowly walks 4 steps forward starting with the right foot.
human slowly goes forward
A person walkes forward slowly.
Someone shakes hands.
Someone is shaking hands using his right hand.
The human lifts his right arm
someone try to weigh something.
Tim McGraw is a famous country singer, so don't miss the possibility to visit <a href=http://timmcgrawtourtickets.com/>Tim McGraw tour bus</a>
walking throw and obstacle and returning
A human walks with a stoop and searches something.
a person walks a circle
Subject walks in a circle counterclockwise.
the person is walking forward
a person walks down the stairs
human walks about five steps forward starting with the right leg
A person walks without a hurry.
A human moves 4 steps forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forwards
A person walks forwards energetically.
A person walks with big steps.
a person walks forwards quite fast
A person is slowly jogging forward.
A human walking backwards
A person steps backwards
a person takes some steps backwards
human performs a high kick with right leg
A human performs a front kick to the head with the right foot
a person kicks something in front of it with its right foot
A human walking
a person is making a hand gesture.
a person wipes something with its right hand
Someone walks forward.
A person walks forward at a normal pace
human goes forward
A person interacts with something using the left hand.
A person walks quickly forward and stops.
a person walks some meters forwards
A person moves straight forward.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person slowly walks forward.
A person is walking forward
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
A man jump down the steps and try to keep balance
A human walking slowly forwards
A person walks slowly.
A human goes slowly 4 steps forward.
Person walking in a circle to the left
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle
a person walks in a circle to the left
Someone walks in a circle to the right.
a person walks a few steps forward
A human jumps to the left, then to the right.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
A person walks clockwise in a small circle.
Person stumbling after being pushed while standing
someone walks to his right side crossing his feet
A person is pushed to the right
A person moves to the right as if he was pushed by someone else.
A person stumbles to the right.
A person takes a large step to the right in response to a push from the left.
A person runs five steps and stops.
a person takes a few quick steps forward
A person kneels down.
A person walks forwards. Then avaoids an obstacle.
A person runs fast.
A person is running
a man is running
A person interacts with something uses a complex sequence of interactions.
a human goes forward
the person is pushed to the right
Someone stumbles to the right.
Someone walks slowly backwards.
a person walks backwards
A person slowly walks back taking 4 steps
A person walks four steps forward.
A person swims the crawl.
A human walks forward, sits down on the floor with its legs parallel to the floor and then performs some kind of streching movement
A person walks 4 steps backwards.
A person runs very fast forward.
A person performs a squat.
A human makes a squad.
A person performs one squat.
A person is turning right.
A human is walking in a 90 degree curve to the right.
Someone walks forward.
A human walks forwards.
A person walked away.
Person walking forwards
someone walks quickly
A person walks approximately 2 meters straight on.
A person starts walking forward for 4 steps before he stands still again.
a person walks forwards
human goes forward
A person goes slowly 5 steps forward.
A person walks slowly forward.
A person slowly walks 4 steps forwards.
A human is walking carefully, looking where he steps.
A human is walking and balancing on a defined path
A person walks over stepping stones.
A person walkes while avoiding obstacle.
A person walks backwards.
A person walking backwards
A person runs forward.
A person walking in a curve to the left
A person is slowly walking a quarter circle in five steps
A person is carefully and slowly moving straight forward.
Person walks in a circle
A person bows.
a person take a deep bow
Someone bows down.
a man is bowing
A person lifts their arms and walks in a small square.
A person does the wiener walzer.
a person dances
someone is dancing.
A man keep down and lateralyl move
A person walks in a circle.
A human performs a jump to the left.
A person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
A man is dribbling basketball
A person walks forwards.
A person runs forward.
The human is running
A person plays golf.
a person plays golf
A person is performing multiple jumps on the spot by first turning 90 degrees, then 180 degrees and finally 360 degrees to the left.
A human performing a stirring task
human performs a motion similar to mixing
a person wipes something with its right hand
the person is waving both hands
A human is performing a cartwheel.
A person does a cartwheel.
a persone wipe a surface
A person is stirring with their right hand.
A human performs a whiping movement with the right hand
a person wipes a plane with its right hand
A person wipes  a surface with his right hand.
A person stirring with their right hand
Someone moves his right hand in a circular motion in front of his upper body.
a man is wiping something with his right hand
A person is doing some warmup fitness exercises.
A person walks forward
Person walking forwards
While stand the hand is moved in a circle.
A person wipes a table.
a person wipes something away with its left hand
A person moves his left hand horizontally in a circle in front of his belly.
A human wipes  horizontal once in the same hight as its hips.
A persons is doing a cirle with the left hand, parallel to the ground at hip high
A person walking backwards 4 steps with relatively small steps
A person takes 4 steps backwards starting with the left foot.
A person takes five backward steps.
Someone hits something with his fist
A person performs a right forward punch.
A person is performing a punch with his right hand.
A person punching with his right arm in front of him.
Someone is punching with his right fist.
A person jumps to his left.
a person hops to the left
a person jumps to the left about 20 centimeteres
A person performs complex gesticulation with both hands.
a fat person high fives
A subject is walking backward four steps.
A person is walking backwards
A person is walking with dangling arms
A person walks 4 steps.
the person is dancing
a human is practicing waltz steps
A person is dancing and making backflips.
A human walks forwards for four steps and then stops.
Someone walks forward
A human walk with tiny steps and a stiff upper body.
A person walks in a circle.
Person balancing over something
Someone walks over stepping stones
A person is walking on stepping stones
A person is stepping over something.
A person walks while looking at the ground to avoid obstacles.
A drunk person walking
Subject walks forward and then turns left.
Someone walks in a quarter circle to the left.
A person walks slowly left around a corner
Person stumbling after standing
A person is pushed to the left.
A human is doing a sidestep to the left, returning to the initial position
A person is pushed to the left.
A person is on all fours and stands up.
A person jumps upwards.
a person jumps up about 15 centimeters
A person that is going forward stops immediately.
A kneeling person is standing up.
Subject waves with its left hand.
A person walks in circles.
A person walks forward counterclockwise in a circle
a person walks in a circle to the left
A person walks a full circle
a person walks a circle to the right
A human walks four steps backwards
a person taes some steps backwards
A person walks 5 steps backwards.
a human starts walking backwards
A person sprints.
Someone runs forward.
A person is running
a person runs forward
A human is running
A person takes a couple of forward steps swaying, turns around and walks back.
A Person moves the hands together in front of the chest and kicks with  the left foot.
A human is performing a low kick with the left foot, getting the arms up in a defence position
A person performs a side kick with his hands held close to his body.
A person kicks with the left leg.
someone  is kicking something.
A person is walking forwards and then stumbling to the left
A person walks forward, turns around on the spot and walks back
Someone walks forward then turn 180 degree and walks forward
A person walks forward, is pushed slightly to the left and continuous walking.
Subject walks forward with a short sideward stumble in the middle.
A person performs a kicking motion with the right leg.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
A persons wipes in circles
the person is doing a circular motion with the right hand
A person moves his right hand horizontally and clockwise in front of his belly.
a person wipes something with its right hand
A person is wiping with his right arm.
The human points to something using his right hand
a person steps to his side and then back
a person takes a step to the left and then one to the right.
A human turns abruptly.
A person walks two steps forward, performs a spot turn on the left foot and walks back to the start position.
A person turns on his right foot.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and walks some more steps
a person performs a high kick with his right foot
a man gives a high-kick
a person gets pushed left and walks further.
Someone is being pushed viciously from the right side while walking forwards and compensates the disturbance.
A person gets pushed from his right side.
Someone walks two steps, turns and walks back.
A person turns on his left foot.
A human walks to the left.
Someone is walking forward and then performing a left turn.
A human is walking a quarter of a cirlce to its left.
A person walks clockwise in a small circle.
A human rides a skateboard.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back
Subject walks forward spins around and walks back.
A person is pushed from behind while walking forward.
A person is standing up from being on all fours
A person stands up.
A person walks forward and is pushed to the right.
Person stumbling after being pushed while walking
Someone slips to the side while walking on a straight line
A person is forcibly pushed during walking.
someone stumbles to the right side while walking
A person walks two steps forward, then seems to fall to towards the right, then gets back in the original line
A person is pushed to the right while walking ahead.
a person walks forward and is pushed by something from his left
A person is pushed from the left.
A person waves with the right hand.
A person waves with the right hand.
A person waves with his right hand.
A person performs swiping motions using the right hand.
a person is doing a u-turn while walking.
a person walks two steps then turn 180 degress and keeps on walking
A person takes two steps, performs a turn of 180 degrees and takes another two steps.
A person turns left with medium speed.
A person walks forwards and stops without moving their arms.
Someone walks forward
A person walks forward without being in a hurry.
A person is walking forward.
A person is making a sidestep to the right.
A person turns right at medium speed.
a person is walking slowly and stops
A person starts sprinting and then stops.
a person runs forwards
A person starts to run and stops.
Someone who starts running.
Someone performs a kick with his left foot
A person is making a sharp turn.
A person touches the floor with his left hand and kneels down.
a person gets down on his knees
A person gets on his knees with his hands as support and assumes an upright posture after.
The person a crawling on the floor
Someone gets down on his knees.
A person walks and makes a 90 degree left turn.
A person walks forward in a 90° curve to his left.
A person walks in a quarter circle.
Someone does a tennis smash with the left arm.
A human performs a hit with a racket with its left hand over its head.
a person throws something with its left hand
A person is throwing an object with his left arm.
A human turns 360° leftwards while jumping in the air.
A person jumps forward while turning 90 degrees to the left.
A human walks in a circle.
A person is holding a sqatted position.
A human goes two meters forward.
a person takes 5 steps forward
Somebody walks straight on.
A human walking
A person is quickly walking forward.
A person is pushed to the left
A person gets pushed on their right shoulder and makes a step to the left.
A person stumbling after being pushed.
Someone makes a sidestep crossing one foot over another.
Someone is pushed to the left.
He tilts to the left.
A person makes a sidestep by crossing legs
A person is pushed to the left and is taking a few correcting steps to maintain balance.
A person takes a recovery step to the left.
someone stumbles to his left side.
A person makes a motion a bit like playing the violin, but one the right (wrong) side.
The human plays guitar
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person walks forwards with moderate velocity.
A person walks forwards.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person walks a few steps forwards
A person jumps in the air and walks forward.
A person is dancing some Latin or Standard dance.
A person wipes the table with their right hand
Subject walks three steps backwards.
Someone uses his hands to touch his throat multiple times.
A human walking in a circle clockwise
A person is walking in a circle clockwise.
A human goes around the circle clockwise
someone walks a larger clockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the right
A person turns right.
A human walks with a paralyzed right leg.
A person walks anti-clockwise for one quarter of a rotation.
Someone walks a left turn
A human turning right
a person walks 90 degrees to the right
A person is running left and then right around an obstacle.
A person walks forward like being pushed forward.
A person gets pushed from behind and stumbles some steps forwards
A person is running forward.
A person turns right.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person walks a 90° curve to his right.
someone turns right.
A human walking forwards
A persons walks fast for 4 steps and stops
A human rides a skateboard.
A human picks up a rope from the ground and curls it up.
Person walking in a curve to the right
A person walks while turning to the right.
a person walks to the right performing a quarter circle
Someone is walking a quarter circle in clockwise direction.
Someone walks forward
A person is balancing on something.
A person is dancing with a partner.
A person dances.
A person uses his right hand to pick something up from the ground.
Person walks a few steps and then stops.
A person performs five foward steps on flat ground.
A person walks straight forward a few meters
A person moving fast forward while looking down.
Person stands upright holding both arms in a horizontal line
A standing person holds both arms horizontally, spread to both sides.
A human stands still and spreads its arms to the side  so it looks like a T-shape.
A person stands still with his arms stretched.
Someone stand still spreading both arms to the side.
A person stands still, arms lifted at shoulder height.
A person stands with his arms raised to the side.
a man stands still with his arms at the horizontal
Somebody stands with stretched arms.
A person walks to the left one-quarter of a rotation.
A person walks a quarter circle two the left.
A person walks a 90 degree turn to the left.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left
A person walks fast 4 steps.
Somebody stops suddenly.
A person is showing different heights with his left arm indicating above the head, at shoulder level and at hip level.
Someone moves his arm up then half height and down
A person reaches for multiple objects.
a person points at 3 points with its left hand which are above it besides it and below it
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person walking four steps forward.
a person walks forward
A human walks and turns to the left.
A person is walking in a curve to left.
A person turns left.
A person walks forward while gradually turning to the right.
a person walks to the right in a quarter circle
A person puts his hands on his hips and inspects the ground in front of him.
A person is pushed back while walking straight
Subject walks forward is pushed back and then walks forward again.
a person walks forwards but gets pushed from the front stumbles backwards and keeps on walking
A person is strolling
a person stands and then walks a few steps forward
A person makes two steps forward, stumbles and continues to move forward.
A person stumbles forward.
A human makes a squat.
A person does a squad exercise
suspicious looking to the left and right
Person running for a few steps
A person joggs forward
A person walks forwards, slowly turning to the left and stops.
Someone walks a left turn
A person turns left.
A person is running 4 steps forward.
A person is playing basketball.
A human performs a 180° counter clockwise jump.
Person walking to the right
human goes in a quarter circle clockwise starting with right
Someone is walking a quarter circle to the right.
A person is balancing on a narrow path and walking forward.
A person balances on a line.
a person balances on something
Somebody is balancing on something.
A Person moves in a slow walk
A person moves forward some meters and stops to stand still.
A person gets pushed to his right.
The human walks straight forward then something happens and the human perfoms a right jump and goes back to his previous direction
A human turning left
A human runs in a 90° leftwards curve.
A person turns left at medium speed.
the person is making a wide turn to the right
a person walks in a quarter circle to the right
A person walks 4 steps in the forward direction.
The person walks four steps.
A person is walking forward.
A person walks four steps then stops.
Someone walks forward
A person is turning multiple wheels.
A person hits something.
A human is performing a slap at the hight of the scrotch
Hitting something with the right hand.
a person hits something in front of it with its right hand
a person is evading a boxing punch
a person dodges a hit
Someone evades a punch.
A person is backing up as if being boxed
A person dodging down to the right
A person standing in fighting pose with his arms risen to block incoming attacks ducks to dodge an attack.
Dodging a punch in a box fight by leaning to the right.
A person gesticulates with both hands.
A person walks forwards.
the person is little bit walking to the front and then suddenly making a sharp turn to the back
a person walks forward and turn 180 degress to the left and keeps on walking
A person turning on the tip of their right foot
Somebody turns anticlockwise.
A human walks fast.
A person doing exercise, mainly rotating arms and legs.
Person dancing waltz
Someone dances the waltz
Someone is probably doing a square dance.
A person dances in a rectangle pattern and in the end looks at his feet.
Someone is dancing.
A person walks two steps, turns around to the left and walks the same distance back.
A person walks forward 2 steps, then he turns around 180° and walks another 2 steps forward in the opposite direction.
A person is turning around while walking.
human goes forward and turns around partway
Person walking forwards
A person walks forward.
The human is walking straight forward
A person walking forward
A person performs a low sidekick with the left foot.
a person kicks something with its left foot which is close to the floor
Somebody kicks something with his left foot.
A human climbs up and down a ladder.
a person runs and jumps
A person walks a right curve
A person walks in a quarter circle
A person makes six steps forward while swinging both arms forward and up.
A person walks with nordic walking sticks in his hands.
A person takes 6 steps, starting with the right foot and swings the bent arms while walking.
Somebody walks slowly with wide arms.
human dances basic movement of slow waltz
a persons dances with another person
A human is practicing waltz steps.
A human strolls four steps forward
Someone walks forward four steps and starts with the right leg.
A person makes 4 steps forward.
A person walks, then turns on the spot and walks back
a person walks forward then turn 180 degrees to the right and starts walking again
A person walking forwards and upwards
human goes forward
A person picks up an object with the left hand, passes it over to to the right hand and puts it back down.
A person steps forwards then turns around and steps forwards again.
A human walks a very slow 90 degree arc to the right.
human goes in a quarter circle clockwise starting with right
A human is waling on a line back and forth
A person stomps the ground with the left foot
A person walks around in a circle anti-clockwise.
Someone walks in a circle counterclockwise
A person walks in a circle to the left taking 8 steps.
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking
A person dances the cha-cha-cha
Someone dances a standard dance
A human dances (Cha-cha-cha) and holds its hands like it has holding its partner.
a person dances with another person
A male dancer performs  a chachacha basic step.
A person dances
A person turns right at medium speed.
a person walks to the right in a quter circle
A person walks two meters forward.
A human walks five steps forward
a person walks forwards
A person walks forward during that the person is pushed forwards.
A person walking in a circle to the right.
A human walking forward
a person walks forward
A person is dancing.
A person stumbles forward.
Someone plays air guitar with the left hand.
A person plays chords on a guitar.
A person playing air guitar
A person walking in a circle to the right
Somebody walks a circle clockwise.
A person is making a jump forward with both feet.
A person walks in a circle to the left.
Somebody walks a 7/8 circle anticlockwise.
a human performs a left turn
A person walks a quarter circle to the right.
Someone cleans a table.
a persons wipes something with its right hand
A human is performing a horizontal whiping movement with the right hand
A person is wiping with the right hand.
A person is pushed from the left.
A person is pushed to the right.
A human  is dancing a cool move
A person is using a gun.
kneel down with hand support
A standing person gets down on its knees.
a person gets down on its knees
A person takes a deep bow.
A person bows.
a person takes a deep bow
A person walks forwards, turns around a walks back.
Someone is walking forward 2 steps starting with the left leg, then turning back around his right side and walking back 2 steps.
A human is playing golf.
A person makes minigolf playing motions
A person walks four small steps forward.
a man walks a few slow steps
A person moves both arms up and down like wings.
a person walks forward
A person performs a 180° turn to the right.
A person turns 180degree to the right on their left foot
A standing person gets pushed from the left and recovers by taking steps to the right.
a person is standing still and gets pushed to the right
A person walks forwards.
A person acting like a chicken.
A person slowly walking a few steps forwardd.
A human is slowly moving forward
A person slowly walks 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards slowly
a persons takes 4 cautious steps
Someone slowly walks forward.
A person walking very normal, with an average speed for 5 steps while its arms are swinging normally on every step
a person walks forwards
A Person goes four and a half steps forward.
A person performs a 180° turn very fast.
A human is performing a tight 180° turn on the left foot
A person wipes the table with their left hand.
Someone is performing a short sprint.
the person is first walking forward and then make a sharp turn to back
A person walks forward 2 steps then turns around to walk forward 2 steps to the position he was coming from.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and keeps on walking
Someone walks and then turns around by 180° to the left and walks back.
A person raises their left arm and swings it down.
A human throws something on the ground with his left hand
a person throws something on the ground in front of it with its left hand
human throws something
A person throws something with the left hand
Subject walks forward.
A person walks forward for 4 steps.
a person walks forwards
Someone slowly walks forward.
A human walks forward.
A human very slowly walks a few steps forward
jumping and spinning 360 degrees
A person walking backwards.
A person walking backwards
someone walks backwards
A person walks backwards
human slowly goes backwards
A person walks 4 steps to the forward direction.
A human is slowly walking forward.
Someone is walking 5 steps very slowly starting with the right leg.
a person walks very slowly forwards
A person lying on his belly on the ground is standing up ending in a bit bent over stance.
a person walks forward and turns around
A person is catching something and throwing it back again.
A person walking to the left in a 90 degrees curve
A person walks a quarter of a circle to the left while taking 4 steps starting with the left foot.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A person runs forward.
Someone walks forward.
a person walks forward
a person walks forwards quite slow
A person sprints forward.
a person stand still and the start to run for some meters
The person performs a careful step forward of about 0.5 meters starting with the right leg
A person jumps over an obstacle  while moving forward.
A person walks four steps backward.
a person walks some meters back
A person walks backwards for four steps.
A person is slowly walking backwards back and forth.
the person is first walking forward and then suddenly going backwards and then  again forward
Someone walks forwards and is pushed from the front
A human walks slowly forward on one line, gets puched back and walks again forward still on the same line.
A person walks forward then stumbles backward
a person walks forwads but gets pushed back
A person sprints a short distance, then stops.
a person runs forwards
A person is running.
A person runs.
Somebody is running forward
A person walks forward and gets pushed from behind.
A person performs swiping gestures with the left hand.
A person walking like a monkey.
A person moves the left hand in a circle counter clockwise in a level parallel to the ground.
A Person is wiping a surface.
A Person wipes something.
someone is wiping a table.
A person is tipping forward and start walking before falling over.
A person is walking forward a few steps.
A person walks straight
human goes downstairs by stairs
A person sneaks forward.
human goes forward starting with right
A person walks forward.
A person walks slowly forward
A person walks two times in a tight, clock-wise circle.
Someone walks two small circles to the right.
The human is walking a circle (right turn)
a person walks in a circle to the right two times
Somebody walks clockwise in circle.
A person walks forwards, takes a few steps back and walk forwards again.
A person is doing a little jump in the air
A person jumps 10cm in the air, hands are down.
a human bends his knees and jumps up
A person jumps upwards.
A person kicks with the right foot.
A person doing a drumming movement
a person performs the an action with its two hands
someone walks backwards four steps
a person walks backward
A human stands up from a kneeling position.
A person turns right.
A person reaches for different locations with the right hand.
A person walks straight forward.
A person steers a car with occasional gear shifts.
A person walks forward very slowly and carefully.
a person walks forwards quite slowly
A human stretches his arms.
A person turns 90° to the left at medium speed.
human walks in clockwise circle starting with right leg
A human is performing a tight 90° right curve
A person walks in a quarter circl.e
A person is doing kickboxing with his right leg and foot while keeping his hands up.
a person is walking slowly and stops
a person walks forward
A person lifts the hands and walks in a a rectangle many times.
Subject is waltzing slowly.
a person raises both arms in front of his chest and then walks in a square several times
Someone may be doing a square dance.
a person dances with another person
A person performs the wiener walzer.
a human practices waltz steps
A Person moves in a slow walk around a corner to the left
A human walking forward
Person walking in a curve to the left
human goes forward in a quater circle conterclockwise starting with left
A human performs a tight 90° left curve
a person walks a quater circle to the left
A person taking a 90 degree left turn
A person is slowly walking backwards.
A person is repeatedly carefully walking in one direction and stopping again to look around.
A person turns then walks in a circle
A person walks in a quarter circle.
A person is walking a quarter circle to the left.
A person walks in a quarter of a small circle.
A person lifts something up using two hands but without bending their knees.
A person is slowing down from running.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person is walking with large steps.
Person is jumping to the right
A person walks in a non-straight line, stops and looks around
A person runs forward, briefly touches the ground with both hands and then continues running.
Person walking forwards
someone walks slowly
A person walks forward
A human takes slow steps forward
A person walks forward.
A human walks up and down on a line.
Someone walks a quarter of a circle left.
A person walks in a 90° curve to his left
a person walks to the left
A person does a somersault on the ground.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person jumps up and spins 180° on both feed while jumping.
Person going on all fours and crawling
A human crawls on the floor
the human is crawling on the floor
A person walking on all fours
Relaxed person walking back and forth, checking his left shoe for something at the last turn
a person walks forward
a person jogs a few steps
A person turns 90° to the left with medium speed.
A human running
A person running forward.
A person walks forward, turns to the right on the spot and walks back to the starting point
A person walks two steps forwards then turns by 180 degree and walks two steps facing in the opposite direction.
A person walks forward turns 180 degrees and walks back.
A person sprints forward.
a person is running forward.
A person is running.
Somebody is running
A person makes with both hands big circles in the air.
A person walks forwards, turns around and walks back.
A person walking forwards for a few steps
a person walks some meters straight forward
A person is fishing.
A human walks straight.
a person running and stepipng over one step
Cannot see anything
A human is being pushed to the left.
a person walks straight on
A person is drinking something out of a bottle by using his right hand.
the person is waving the left hand
A standing person waves with his left hand.
A human is performing a whiping movement in front of its head
a person waves with its left hand
A person waves with his left hand.
the person is pushed to the left while walking forward
Someone walks a right bend
Subject walks forward spins around and walks back.
A person performs a complicated sequence using both hands.
A person does a ninety degree bow
the human takes a bow
A persons bends 90° down with a straight back
A person bows.
a human goes backwards while bending forward
A human is swimming
A person runs forwards.
A person doing yoga
A person walking in a quarter circle to the right
A person walks while turning to the right.
A person is walking carefully and strongly bent over like inspecting the ground for something.
a human goes upstairs
Subject walks in a circle clockwise twice.
A human performs tight right curves doing two full rounds
a person walks a circle to the right two time
A person walks in a circle two times.
a human is walking in circle to the right, as if he is walking around an object.
the person is jumping
A person jumps forward with both feet.
a person jumps forwards about 20 centimeters
a person hops forward
A person walks forward
A person walks 4 steps forward.
Someone gets forcibly pushed to the left.
A person is pushed from the right and takes a big recovery step to the left.
A person dodges to his left side.
A person is pushed backwards
Somebody has been hit in the front.
A person turning on the spot and walking in a bend posture.
A human takes two steps backwards.
a person gets pushed backwards
A person walks forward and is pushed to the left
Someone walks forward and gets pushed from the right
A person walks with a stoop and imitates the movements of an ape.
A person dances.
A person dancing
Somebody balances something.
A person is standing a little bit bent forward and swinging his arms around.
a fat person stretches
A human turning left
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A person walks four fast steps forward.
A person lifts the right arm straight into the air in a angle of about 100 degree between arm and right leg.
A human rises his right arm
A person reaches for something with their right hand.
The human lifts his right arm
a person points in front of him with his right hand
A human is forcibly pushed from the front while walking.
A person gets shoved while walking forward
a person walks forwards but then gets pushed from the front and stumbles backwards
A person performs the male basic step of the Cha-Cha-Cha ballroom dance.
A human runs forwards.
A person walks counterclockwise in a small circle.
A person walks backwards.
A person makes a small jump forward with both feet.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
A person performs a 180° turn clockwise with medium speed.
a man makes a U-turn on his left leg
a person walks backwards
big jump to the front
A human makes a 180 degrees turn.
A person doing sport by climbing up a ladder and hanging at a bar.
A person waves both hands.
A standing person waves with both hands.
A person walks forward during that the person is pushed to the left.
A person walking forwards for a few steps
a person walks forwards
A person shouts and forms a funnel with the hands.
A person stands with both arms stretched out
A person makes a T.
A person stands still and stretches his arms horizontal.
The human is streching his arms
A person stands with arms spread out at shoulder height
Someone is standing with his arms raised to the side.
A person kneels down on the floor, using both hand as support.
A human walks three steps, stops and repeats three times. Then turns around and walks back to start.
A human is swimming.
A person walks forward in a hurry
Someone is walking forward 4 steps a bit faster and is starting with the right leg.
A person walks fast.
The human is running
A person is walking fast
A person makes a big step to the left.
A standing person is beeing pushed softly from the right side.
A human performs a step to the left
Someone walks forward
A person walks fast forward.
A person sits on the ground with his legs stretched out, then completely lies down with his back and afterwards stands up again and walks away.
A person performs a step forward with the left foot and simultaneously stretches his left arm forward.
A person slowly walks 4 steps forward.
A standing person starts walking slowly forward 4 steps before he stands still again.
Subject walks forward, sidesteps twice left and then returns to original path.
a person walks forward, then sideways to his left and then back to his old direction in a curve
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the left
A person dodges an incoming object.
Subject kneels down.
a person makes a T pose and kneels down
a person kneels down
A person is pushed forward.
A person walks forwards slowly.
A person walks very slowly.
A human sprints three steps forward
the person is playing violin
a person plays the violin with its right hand
A human is being pushed from the right side, so that it stumbles to the left, balancing itself
Somebody is pushed on his right shoulder to the left.
A person walking in a curve to the right
A human makes a left turn.
A person goes left around a corner
Someone looks at their right foot.
A person raises and lowers his left leg about 40 centimeters.
A person raises his right leg to stand on his left foot for 1 second before letting down his right leg.
A human performs gestures displaying frustration.
human walks in a quater circle counterclockwise
A person turns left.
Person walking and stumbling a little bit
A Person walks forward and stumbles slightly
Someone is beeing pushed on the right shoulder while walking forward.
A human is walking straight, doing a sidestep since he is pushed and returns to his initial walking line
a person walks forwards gets pushed from the right and keeps on walking
The human walks like a alcoholized person
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person does a few steps and turns on his right foot.
A person is walking and then turning around by 180° to the right and then walking back.
a person walks a quarter circle to his left
A human running
A person runs fast.
a human walks forward
A person walks a sharp turn to the left.
A person walks four steps backward.
A human walking forwards
A person walks forward.
A human goes 4 steps forward.
Somebody walks carefully straight on.
A person walks and turns around on the spot
Someone walks forward then turn around and walks back
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the left and keeps walking
Person wishing something with the right hand
Someone moves the right hand in a circular path
A human wipes a table with his right hand
Someone balances on a object an jumps on the ground at the end of the object
A person balances over an obstacle
A person goes down from an higher level to a lower one
A person is balancing on something for four steps and taking a step down at the end.
A person balancing across a beam and stepping down
a man is walking a few steps on a beam, and goes back on the ground
Someonewho  makes a big stept to the right-front.
A person walks while accelerating at first and slows down again after a couple of steps
Subject walks forward with fast steps.
A human walks forward a few steps in a fast pace
A person walks straight forward quite fast
a person takes a few fast steps forward
a person walks a left turn
A person turns to his right.
human performs a bending walking motion to its right hand side
A person performs some kind of Kata.
a person waves with both of his hands
A person walks while being bent over and eventually picks something up from the floor.
A person is swimming.
During walking forwards a person is pushed from the backside.
a person walks forward and gets pushed from behind
A person looks like he got shoved from behind while walking forward stands still after stumbling.
A human turning right
A human performs a 90° right curve
A person walks in a curve to the right.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
A person is running putting his feet crosswise.
A human playing a guitar
A person plays violin on the wrong side (right).
A person is playing an instrument.
A person is playing the guitar with the left hand.
A person jumps about 20 cm high.
Someone is jumping up while standing.
a human jumps on the spot
a person walks up and down a podest
A person is balancing while moving slowly forward.
A persons waves with both hands.
A human is waving with both hands mirrored before its head
A person is waving at someone/something with both hands.
a person waves with both hands
A person waves with both of his arms.
A persons walks fast straightforward
A person is walking forward.
A person walks fast.
a person walks forward a few steps
human goes in a quater circle clockwise
A person plays guitar.
A person strums a gitarre five times using the left hand.
A human is stroking the guitare with the left hand
a person play the guitar with the left hand
A person is playing the guitare
A person is carefully and slowly walking forward.
a person does floor exercises
A person walks backwards
Someone walks backward
A human walks 3 bigger and 1 smaller steps backwards and is starting with its left foot.
A person walks backwards.
somebody walks slowly backwards.
A standing person performs a fast sidestep to the right.
A human is performing a sidestep to the right
A person is taking one step to the right side.
Someone steps to the right.
A person is pushed one meter forward.
A man go up and down the steps
A person runs a few steps.
A person starts to run fast and then slows down again.
A person walks straight ahead and receives a slight push from the left.
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the right
A human jumps to the right while walking
the person is waving the right hand
a person waves with its right hand
Someone who throwing something and looks after it.
A person is doing kickboxing with his left leg.
A person who knocks at a wall with both hands.
A persond steps one step to the left side.
a person takes a step to the left
A person is taking one step to the left.
A person does a quick sidestep to the left.
A person with initially bent knees stands up and reaches forward with the left arm.
a person is on all fours and stands up
A person walks and turns to the left
Someone walks a left turn
A person walking slowly in a circle to the right
A person walks forward in a circle clockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the right
A person walks forward
A person draws an imaginary horizontal line with the right hand from left to right and from top to bottom.
Subject walks forward spins around and walks back.
someone moves forward in a fast jog
a person jogs a few meters
human runs forward
Someone how jumps ontop of something.
Someone shakes hands
a person shakes anothers person's hand with its right hand
A person makes a motion as if shaking hands with another person.
human performs a motion which resembles shaking hands
Someone is shaking hands.
a person walks straightforward several steps
A human is walking forward
A person walks forward.
A person gets pushed from the left, performs two steps to the right to recover and steps back to the initial position.
A person stumbles while walking forwards in a straight line.
Someone walks forward and get pushed from behind
A person is being pushed while walking
A person walking in a circle to the right
a person walks in a cirlce to the right
A person is pushed during walking
A person walks three steps forward, then one step back and another two steps forward.
The human walks a couple of steps. Perfoms a step backwards and walks forward again
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
the person is pushed to the front
A person is starting to run but stops after a few steps
a persons jogs forward
a human starts running a few steps
A human walks up stairs.
A person is doing fitness exercises with both arms.
A person walks forward.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
Someone draws two big circles in front of them using both hands.
A person slowly walks anti-clockwise for one quarter of a rotation.
Some walks a left turn
Someone is doing a left turn starting with the left leg.
A person is walking in a left turn.
Somebody walks a quarter circle anticlockwise.
A human makes a wipe movement with their right arm.
human performs a wiping motion with its right hand
Subject is walking in a quarter circle clockwise.
A person walks forwards cautiously..
Somebody walks comfortable.
A person is touching the floor with the right hand.
A person is running very fast and slightly to the right.
A person jumps and afterwards walks forward.
a person waves his hands jumps about 10 centimeters upwards and then walks for a few steps
The human perfoms a jump and walks straight forward
A person plays the guitar
Someone plays air guitar
Person kicking with the left foot
human performs a low kick with left leg
A person kicking belly high in front of him while holding up his arms in defense.
A person performs a kick.
a person kicks something in front of it with its left foot
Somebody kicks something with his left foot.
A person walks forward
human goes forward starting with right
A person is pushed in the back during walking forwards.
A person walks forward and gets shoved from behind.
the person is walking forth and back
A human is walking forward three steps without closing his feet, then backward three steps and finally forward five steps
a person walks forwards gets pushed backwards and then continues walking forward
A person take a sidestep to the left.
A person makes a small sidestep to his left.
Somebody is pushed to the left.
A human picks something up from the ground and places the object on a table in front of him.
Someone jogs a short way.
A person is starting to run and stops.
A person jumps on his left foot.
A person is doing a swing movement like hitting a ball with a golf club.
a human runs forward
A person walks forwards after a little hop.
A person jumps and starts walking
A person jumps and walks a few steps forward.
A person is walking carefully avoiding obstacles.
A person walks forwards.
A person moves forward along 1.5 tiles then turns and moves backwards.
Someone is walking forward starting with the right leg 2 steps, then turning around his left side facing backwards and doing another 2 steps.
A Person is walking forward than rotates 180 degree in it's right foot and walks back with a slight shift to the right.
A person moves forward and then climbs staircases.
A person walks forward.
A person goes three steps forward and stretches their arms to the sides.
a person has its arms spread like wings takes them down and walks a few meters and stops to spread them again like wings
A person stands with his arms lifted horizontally, let's his arms sink, takes a few steps and resumes his initial stance .
A persons crawls on the floor.
Someone is kneeling down, then going down on all fours and crawling forward a bit.
The person makes one step to the right and one to the left.
A person takes a lunge to the left and returns to the initial position.
A person performs a step to the right, waits a moment and takes a step to the left.
A person carefully walks forward.
Someone walks in a funny way.
A person walks over step stones.
A drunk person tries to go a straight line.
Person walking over something
a person sneaking up on something
A person carefully walks over a low obstacle
A person is stepping on something.
a person walks over some objects
human goes forward while it seems it can only walk on particular positions on the ground
A person is walking a parkour.
A person is doing a backward roll.
A person stumbles over something lying on the floor
a person walks forward and gets pushed from behind and tumbles for some steps
A person gets pushed forward very hard.
Somebody bangs his head on something.
A person wipes.
A Person is wiping a surface with it's left Hand.
a person wipes something in front of it with the left hand
A human walking in a circle counter clockwise
A human walks three quarter of a circle to its left.
A person waves with their right hand
Subject waves with right hand.
A person waves with the right hand.
A person waves twice with their right arm.
Someone waves with the right hand
a person wipes something with its right hand horizontally
a human is wawving with his right hand
A person walking forwards, then turning on the right foot and walking back again.
a person walks two steps forwards then turn 180 degrees to the right and walks forward again
A person is convulsed with laughter.
During walking, a human is pushed to the right.
A human walks a few steps before being shoved to the right
A person gets down on all fours and starts crawling forward.
a person gets down on his knees and crawls a few meters
A person walks forwards slowly.
Somebody starts to walk a few steps, then stops again
A human is fast walking forward.
A person walks and then stops.
Somebody walks straight on
A person walks in a turn to the left
A person walks back and forth carefully and straight while looking around.
A person agressively walks in an 8.
a person walks slowly.
A human is walking forward.
A person is pushed to the right.
Somebody is pushed to the right.
A human stops running forwards and starts again.
Person stumbles forward.
A person stumbles forward.
A person receives a slight push from the back.
A human  is doing the chicken dance
A person walks an eight.
A person is walking backwards in a straight line.
human goes backwards starting with left
the person is first putting the right hand on the floor and then the right knee
a person gets down on his knees
A person walks two steps, turns on the left foot 180 degree counterclockwise, and walks back two steps.
A person walks forward for 2 steps then turns 180° left and walks forward for 2 steps again.
A person is waving to someone with his right hand.
A person walks slowly in a counterclockwise small circle.
The person walks forwards and backwards.
A person goes three steps forward, one back, then forward again.
A person is walking forwards and doing some backward steps and then again walking forwards.
a person walks forward
A person is standing a little bit bent backwards with both arms streched forward.
A person jumps in the air and then walks 4 steps forward.
A person walks forward 4 steps.
A person is dancing in various directions.
A human walks on the tips of her toes.
someone walks a 90 degrees curve to the left
A person walks forward in a 90° curve to his left.
the person is dancing
A human performs a dance sequence (probably a specific one / which I don't know)
a person dances with another person
someone is dancing.
A person walks down a set of stairs
A person walks down some stairs.
A person walks forward down a small hill.
a person is going down the stairs
A human is being pushed to the right.
a person walks forward, gets pushed backs and then walks forward again
A person walks, is stopped by an obstacle and then resumes his motion.
A person walks forward, backs down as if being pushed back at chest height, then keeps walking.
A person makes a sharp turn to the left while walking
A person is lying on the ground and rolls onto the left side.
A person is stretching his arms, taking them down, walking forwards and raising them again.
a person has its arms spread like wings takes them down and walks
A human stands while lifting its arms in a T-shape, it lowers the arms, walks 3 steps and lifts them up again.
A person stretches his arms then walks 3 steps.
A person walks forward.
A person walks five steps forward.
human gets pushed from the front by an invisible force and tries to balance out the pushing force by taking a few steps back
A person tumbles backwards.
A person walks while punching the air with his right hand one time.
human goes in a quater circle clockwise starting with right
A human runs in a curve.
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back to the start.
A person raises their right arm, looks at the arm's muscles and moves the left arm towards the right arm.
A person plays violin.
A person playing the air violine
a person plays the violin with its left hand
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person stands up from the ground
Someone walks a right circle.
A human climbing a stair
human goes upstairs
A person takes a step forward and then climbs up a steep slope.
A person walking forward up a hill.
a person walks up a ramp
A person runs forward
Someone runs forward
a person jogs some meters
A person running forwards.
A person kneels down on the floor and crawls.
a person goes on his knees and starts to crawl
a human crawls on all fours
A person gets pushed slightly forwards.
A person is walking forward, turns around, walks back and then walks forward in a S-shape.
A person plays guitar.
a person plays the guitar with its left hand
A human catches and throws something.
A Person moves backwards
A human runs, stops abruptly and continues running.
A person makes a step down from higher ground.
Subject walks a quarter circle counterclockwise
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
The human perfoms a left turn
A human performs punches.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns on right foot 180 degree and walks again 2 steps.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and keeps on walking
Someone gets pushed from the front.
a person gets pushed from the front and stumbles back a few steps
A person stumbles while moving forward.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from behind
a person walks forward and stumbles
A person walks straight, turns around, walks back, then turns around again
A person throws something forward.
A human performs a slap (volleyball serve) with the left hand
A person performs a right handed throwing motion.
A person throws something.
A person walking a few steps
A person is placing a pictures on a wall.
A person steps forward then turns around and steps forwards again.
a person walks some steps then turns 180 degrees to the left and keeps walking
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle
Someone walks in a circle counterclockwise
person walks backwards crouched
the person is running
A person sprints
a person jogs forwards
A person walks a distance of a quarter of a circle to the right.
A person is walking in a curve to the right.
A person walks backward at a slow speed.
A human is walking 4 steps backwards and starting with its left food.
A person walks backwards.
some is reverse walking
A person takes 4 steps backwards.
A person moves backwards 4 steps before standing still
Someone is walking backwards.
a man is walking backwards
Somebody walks a few steps backward.
A human walks in a full circle clockwise.
A person walks in a clockwise circle.
A person walks in a circle clockwise.
A human moves in a quarter circle, makes a break and move in another quarter circle.
Someone is walking forward and then turning right.
a person walks forwards performing a quarter circle to the right and then walks back to its origin position in the same way
A man is playing an instrument
A person sits down in a kneeing position.
A human kneels down
a person kneels down
A person goes down to his knees and stretches his body
A person wipes in a counterclockwise circle on a waist high surface.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
Person walking to the right
A person turns to the right.
A person walks forward in a 90° curve.
A person turns to the right.
human goes in a quarter circle counterclockwise starting with left
A person jumps to the left, jumping off and landing with two feet.
Someone jumps to the left with both feed
Someone is jumping to the left side with both legs simultaneously.
a person jumps about 30cm to the left
A person jumps to the left side.
A person is pushed to the right and makes a few steps to gain balance.
A human steps to the side and walks back to the starting point
A person walks forward and is pushed forcefully.
A person walks with both arms hanging.
The human walks two steps, turns and walks another two steps.
A person performs a squat.
A person performs a single squat.
A person is balacing on something narrow.
Subject bows shortly.
A human bows down
Someone is bowing lightly.
a person takes a bow
A person bows his head.
Somebody is bending forward
a person does a pose
A person walks forward and is pushed slightly from behind.
a person lurks around
A person is walking slowly and strongly bent over forward while repeatedly dragging his arms to his hip.
A human holds her hands in front of her chest and turns and bends her upper body.
A human bends over and performs actions on the ground with her right hand.
A person is walking with a light sway
Someone is walking forward 4 steps.
a person walks forwards some meters
A human walks up and down on a line with her head up.
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person walks straight forward a few meters
a person makes a hand stand
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back again
Subject walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person walks in a 90° curve to his right.
A person waits on a ATM line and then goes to the machine.
a human sit
Someone walks a full clockwise circle
a person is walking in a circle in clockwise direction.
A human walks to a table, picks up a glas and drinks.
A person is standing around paddling with his hanging arms in the air.
a person dances
A person walks in a narrow counter-clockwise circle
Subject in small circle counterclockwise
Someone slowly walks in a small circle to the left.
someone walks a circle.
A human walks slowly in circles, counterclockwise.
A human goes a circle left around.
a persons runs and does a roll on the ground
a person walking forward
A person tries to catch an insect and eats it afterwards.
A person turns left.
someone left something on the ground when he walks  a corner.
human goes in quater circle clockwise
A person walks a quarter circle to the right.
A person turns right.
A person walks slowly a right curve
A human walks with very large steps.
A person is making a sharp turn.
A human performs a 90°, a 180° and a 360° counter clockwise jump.
A person walks four slow steps forward.
A person walks and turns to the left.
A person walking in a curve to the left.
A person turns left.
Someone is moving in a circle.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle to the left
A person turns left.
A human waves hello with his left hand
human performs a waving motion with left hand
A person walks 2 meters forward.
A person is walking.
A human walks fast forward.
a person walks slowly
A person is pushed back and gains balance again.
A person receives a hard push from the front right and recovers by tumbling backwards.
A person stumbels backwards.
A person runs a left turn
A person is bent over walking to the right then to the left.
A person walks forward an turns right at the last step.
a person walks some steps forwards and the turns to the right
A person walking some steps forward before turning 90° to the right.
The human perfoms a right turn
A person moves forward in a walk, performs a u-turn and then walks back to the starting position
a person walks slowly five steps backwards
A person is walking backwards.
Someone walks backwards.
A person performs a wiping motion.
Person is making 3 steps forward, 2 steps back and than again forward
Someone is beeing pushed from the front while walking forward.
A human is kneeing down while supporting this with the right hand.
Someone is doing a T-pose and kneels down afterwards starting with his left leg.
A person holds up both his arms to the height of his shoulders before getting down on his knees.
A standing person raises both arms horizontally to both sides, lowers them again and then gets down to its knees
A person walks forward in a fast fashion.
A human makes 4 fast steps forward.
A person steps forwards and gets pushed from the front, stumbles backwards and steps forwards again.
A human is walking on a line about 2 steps and then gets puched away, finds it way back to the line and walks one step further.
a person walks forwards gets pushed backwards and walks forwards again for a few steps
A person walks forward, gets pushed from the left and performs a sidestep.
Person stumbles forward.
The human walks over step stones
A person walks carefully.
A person is wiping a horizontal surface with his left hand.
The subject is using his left hand to do a stirring motion.
A human is standing on the same spot and moving its left hand like he is using a mixer in a bowl.
a person wipes something with its left hand
A person moving his left hand horizontally in front of him in circles.
A person turns left
Someone walks a left turn
A person walks forward and receives a slight push from the back.
A human walks at a slight left angle for five steps and then stops.
Someone walks forward
A person makes a forwards roll.
A human imitating an elephants movements and its trunk.
A person performs a sidekick with the left foot.
A person performs a kick with his left foot.
A person walks in a small circle counterclockwise.
A human walks in circles counterclockwise making long steps.
Person running forwards
A person runs forward
A human is running and is leaning backwards at the end.
A person runs.
The human is running
A person quickly steps to the left.
A person takes one step to the left.
Someone gets pushed from the right side and compensates with a sidestep to the left.
A person makes a big sidestep to the left.
A person walks straight forwards and then walks to the right.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person is pushed from behind and makes a single step
Subject takes one step forward with the right foot.
A person stumbles forward.
a person gets pushed forwards
A person is strolling along at a leisurely pace taking his time to look around.
human slowly goes forward
A person slowly walks four steps forward.
The human walks very slowly
A person walks forward as if carrying a heavy load.
A person perform three series of lateral moves
a person walks 90° of a circle
A person walks in a quater circle to the right taking 4 steps and starting with the right foot.
a person walks to the right performing a quarter circle
human is being pushed from left hand side and tries to balance out the pushing force by stepping laterally
the person is performing a short run
A person starting to run forward for 4 steps.
A human starts jogging straight and slows down and stops after
A person performs a few running steps from still stand and comes to rest again.
A person is running forward.
Someone performs a wiping movement.
A human makes one horizontal wiping motion with its right hand in the same hight as its hips and tries to reach a point as far out as possible.
A person is wiping an object with his left hand.
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person stirring something
A human plays the drums.
A person getting done on their knees
A person goes down to his knees.
Somebody stands on his knees.
Someone walks backwards.
A human is slowly walking backwards
A person walks backwards.
A person makes a sharp turn.
Someone walks two steps forward starting with the right leg, turns around the left side and walks back two steps.
A person walking 2 steps forward, then turns around and takes another 2 steps forward in the opposit direction.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
Somebody is turning over.
Someone dances with their feet.
A person is performing a golf swing
A human running
A person runs.
a person runs straight forward
a human is slowing down while running
Someone walks and turns left.
a person walks to the left
A person standing still and then walking one step rightwards.
A person takes a step to the right side
A person is taking one step to the right.
Someone walks in a clockwise circle
human goes in a circle clockwise starting with right
a person walks in a circle
a person walks to the right in a circle
A person walks in a circle to his right side.
Subject walks in a circle counterclockwise.
A human walks in a circle to its left.
A person is walking a full circle to the left.
a person walks over a gap
A person walks a circle.
A persons turns 90° to the left.
A person walks a quarter left sides circle.
A person turns left.
A person picks something from the ground.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human walks very slowly 4 steps forward on one line.
A human turning right
A person strums a guitar with their right hand.
Someone plays air guitar
a person plays the guitar with its right hand
A person playing the guitar for a short duration.
A human strums a guitarre twice with its right hand.
A human walks sideways to the right, then to the left.
A human is running
A human hikes his shoulders and raises his hands
A person walking straight forward and getting pushed from the left after 2 steps, still moving forward and balancing out the pushing, while walking in a slight circle
A person walks forward and gets pushed to the right
A person walks a circle clockwise.
a person walks a circle to the right
A person is slowly walking forward with the arms swinging a bit.
A person is slowly walking forward with the arms swinging a little bit.
A person turns 90° to the right at medium speed.
A person is turning right while walking
A human walks around in a clockwise circle.
Someone walks in a circle clockwise
Someone is walking in a circle clockwise.
a person walks in a circle
A person is shoved to the right by someone.
a person stands still and gets pushed to the right
Somebody has been hit
A person walks forward.
A human is screaming
A person takes four steps back.
A person does 4 steps backwards slowly.
A human performs a jump.
the person is slowly walking to forward
A person walks slowly.
A person walks counterclockwise a quarter of a small circle.
A person walks a quarter left sided circle, radius approximatly 1m.
a person walks a 180 degree turn to the left
A person walks forward and turns to the left.
Somebody walks a quarter circle anticlockwise.
A human turns 270° to the left while jumping in the air.
A person is dancing.
A Person walks in an 8-shape.
A person walks straight forward.
human goes forward and is being pushed back by an invisible force
A man is jumping and turns 270 degrees
A human walks forward and goes up the stairs.
A person makes one big step an one small step backwards.
A human is pushed from the front
a person stands still and gets pushed backwards
A  human turning right
a person walks in a quarter circle to the right
A human walks and searches something on the ground.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person walks a few steps forward, then turns around and walks back again.
A person plays air guitar.
a person plays the air guitar
a person holds something in its left hand and touches it along with its right hand
A human catches a basketball and dribbles with the ball.
A human  is picking something up
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person walking in a quarter circle to the right
The human perfoms a right turn
someone slowly turns a right corner.
A person is carefully making a step to the right.
A person is walking 5 steps forward with a little break after step 2.
A human is playing golf.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A human subject is waving five times with the right hand.
a person waves with his right hand
A person is making a kick movement with his right foot like kicking a ball forward.
A human rests his arms on something in front of him which has the height of his shoulders.
A person performs a sidestep to the left.
a person takes a quick steps to the left.
A human performs a 45° side step.
A human walks and jumps over obstacles
A person is doing punches forward with the right arm on different heights.
A human is making a 180 degrees turn.
A person turn left with medium speed.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A person walks a left curve
A erson walks in a quarter circle.
a person walks to the left performing a quater circle
A person walks in a 90° curve to his left.
A man bend and keep down ,move laterally
a person walks a 90° turn to his left
Subject walks in quarter circle counterclockwise.
A person turns around a left corner
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person walks a quarter of a circle.
A person moves quickly and gets slower.
Someone is trying to walk fast for 4 steps and stops afterwards.
A person runs and stops.
A person is running four steps and then stops.
A person walks forward.
Person walking forwards
A person makes 5 steps forward.
a person walks forwards and stops after a few meters
a person is brake-dancing
A person bends down then keeps moving the head to look around.
Person walking and turning on one foot
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
Someone is walking forward starting with the left leg, then turning around his left side facing backwards and doing another two steps.
A person walks in an S-Shape.
A person makes a big step to the left, like being pushed.
A person is jumping several times forward with the right foot in the air.
A person is walking forward three steps without closing her feet, then backwards two steps with closing her feet and then forward again three steps and closes her feet.
human is pushed from front while walking forward
A human plays basketball and makes a layup.
A person walks forward first and then turns around.
A human walks and turns on the spot.
A human goes back and forth.
Person walking and then turning on one foot and walking back
a person walks streight ahead at a certain point turning around an walking in the reverse direction
someone is looking to the ground by beeing a flip-flopper
A person walks little bit to the front and then makes a sharp turn to the right
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and keeps on walking
human goes forward and turns around partway
human goes forward starting with left and gets pushed partway by an invisible force
A person walks forward 5 steps.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from behind
A person makes moves like bouncing a basketball and throwing it to a basket.
Someone who is searching for something.
Person standing and then walking a few steps
Someone walks forward
a person walks forwards quite slowly
A person stands still, then takes 5 steps.
A person walks 5 steps forward
A human performs a jump to the front.
A Person trying to walk forwards, getting pushed back after 2 steps, balancing itself and moving forward for 2 steps again
A person walks and is getting pushed back and then walks forward again.
A person walks forward, then gets shoved from in front of him, he stumbles back but gets back on his original track.
A human  is walking in a circle
A person runs straight forward.
Person playing air guitar
A person plays the air guitar
a person performs a guitar stroke
A person is moving forward over a larger obstacle by putting one leg after another.
A person stumbling to the left
A person takes a few recovery steps to the left.
A person steps to his left.
A person is pushed from the right to the left.
A person stumbling to the left
A person walks with an injured leg.
A human gets a push from the right and recovers.
Person walks as if drunk.
human is pushed from its right hand side while slowly walking forward
A person stumbles backwards.
A person stumbles one meter backwards.
A person walks over stepstones.
A person waves his left hand.
A person waves left and right with his left hand.
A person waving with their left hand
A person using a phone.
a person waves
A person wipes something horizontal
A person walks 5 steps forwad from standing position.
Someone is walking fast for 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person walks forward very quickly
A person leans forwards and walks and then stops.
A person walks forward after he leans in the direction he is facing and stops walking at the end.
a person leans forward and then takes to few steps
A person is holding his hands forward and punching like he is boxing.
the person is first walking ahead and then turning to the left
A person is walking carefully over an uneven surface
A person runs a couple of steps
A person performs a running motion.
A person is running forward with a few small steps.
A person starts to run and stops.
Subject running fast.
A person runs a few meters forward
A person running forward.
A person runs.
someone is running.
a human is running
A person walks four steps and stops.
A person walks four quick steps to the forward direction.
A person turns left.
a persons walks forwards and the turn to the left about 110 degrees
a human walks and turns on the spot
A person is holding up his arms on the height of his hip and bending a bit forward while looking around with his head and swinging a bit left and right with his upper body.
Multiple times a human makes two jumps to the left and then two jumps to the right.
A person turns right with medium speed.
A person walking with a limp
A human rides a skateboard, stops and rides again.
Someone walks four steps.
A person walks a few steps forward.
a person walks forwards
A person walking forwards for a few steps.
a person walks some meters forwards
A person walks two steps, turns around the the left, walks back and ends his movement by looking to the left.
a person walks forward then turn 180 degrees to the left and walks some more steps
a human is making a U-turn on his left foot
A person recovers from a strong push to his left shoulder.
a person stand still and gets pushed to the right
A standing person gets shoved from his left.
A person is pushed from his left side.
the person is walking in a circular shape
A human walks slowly a full circle to its left.
A person walks a full counter-clockwise circle.
A person walks in a circle pattern one time.
A human walking in a circle clockwise
a person walks a circle to the right
A dancer giving a short presentation of her skills
A person walks while turning to the right
Subject walks in quarter circle clockwise.
A human perfoms a right turn
the person is slowly walking forward
A person is slowly walking forwad.
A person walks very slowly.
A person gets up from a floor.
A human walking in a circle counterclockwise
a person walks in a circle to the left
the person is running and then suddenly stopping
A person starts running for a short distance.
a person jogs for some meters
A person makes a special handshake.
A human turning right
A person walks a quarter of a circle to its right.
A person walks a quarter circle to the right.
the person is doing boxing
A person hits something with its right arm
A human boxes with its right hand once.
A human picks up something heavy on his right side and lifts it in front of him.
A person turns slowly around
A human jumps over an approximately 30cm obstacle.
walking counter clock-wise in a circle
A person walks in a circle round an axis.
A person is walking foward. Afterwards the person is going up some stairs.
A person walking in a circle to the left
A person walking calmly forward
A person is walking forward.
a human walks a few steps forward
A person walks forward
The human walks forwards.
Someone walks forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
Person jogging for a few steps
A person joggs forward
A person is running forward with a few heavy steps.
A person tries to sprint but gives up after the first step.
a person walks in a right turn
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A man is running
a person walks faster and then slower.
a person walks forwards
A person walks fast.
A person walking forward.
A person performs a jump and then walks forward at medium speed.
Tired person standing up from his knees with the help of his right arm, then walking one step back
A person walks around a corner to the right.
Subject walks forward one step then spins around and walks back.
Somebody turns swinging around.
A person walks forward, during that the person is pushed to the left.
a person walks forwards and then gets pushed to the left
A person performs a sidekick with the right foot.
a person kicks something with its right foot
the person kneeing down
Someone is kneeling down and then going down on all fours.
a person knees down to the ground
A person goes down to his knees.
A person sinks to his knees, supported on his hands and then assumes an upright posture.
The human goes down to the floor having his knees and his hands at the ground
A person walks backward at medium speed.
A person walking backwards
Subject walks in a full circle counterclockwise.
A person walks forward in a counterclockwise circle.
A persons walks in a quarter circle.
A persons does a 90° right urn in five steps
A person walks a quarter circle to the right.
A human walks to the left.
A person is turning slowly to the left.
A person turns to the left.
A human walks a quarter circle to the left
Somebody walks a quarter circle anticlockwise.
A person walks four fast steps forward.
A person walks trough the room.
A human is walking forwards.
Person running forwards and then stopping
Someone walks forward
the person is slowly walking forward
a person walks very slowly forwards
A person takes five slow forward steps.
A person crouches down to pick something up and gets up again.
Someone standing in front of a table, cutting off something and eating it.
A person walks around
Subject walks forward slowly.
A person walks forward, slightly drifting to the right side.
Someone is pushed back while trying to reach a point in a slow walk, but reaches the point in the second try.
a persons walks forward gets pushed back and keeps walking forward
A human walks 3 steps forwards on one line, gets puched back and walks again forward on the same line.
A person walks three slow steps forward, then stumbles back to the start position.
Someone walking over an obstacle from multiple directions.
a human jumps while turning to its left hand side
A person performs a judo kick with the right leg
A person is kicking with his right foot.
the person makes a u turn while walking forward
A human performs a tight 180° turn on the right foot while balancing with the right arm
a person walks forward and after a few steps turn 180 degrees to the right and does a few more steps
Somebody turns swinging around clockwise.
A person performs a jump to the left.
a person walks forwards and then gets pushed to the left
A person is pushed to their right, makes a step backward and recovers.
A person is doing a push-recovery step
A person stumbling sideways
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person walks forward while turning to the left
A person walks a quater circle to the left in five forward steps.
The human perfoms a left turn
a person walks a quarter of a circle
a person wipes a flat surface
Someone walks a clockwise circle
a person is walking a clockwise circle
A person walks in a circle.
A human is walking in circle to the right
A person runs.
A person running energetically.
A person is running forward.
A person runs forward.
A person walks clockwise in a circle.
A human jumps forward thrice
A human plays golf with a careful movement.
A human drinks.
the person is walking in a circular shape
Person walks a circle.
A person moves 1-2 m forward very slowly.
A person walks forward very slowly.
A person walks very slowly.
A person walks slowly.
A person jumps with both legs approximately 30 centimeters forward.
A person walks forward while gradually turning to the left.
a person wals straight on and then stops
The human walks slowly
human goes forward
A person walks counter clockwise in a circle.
human performs a bending walking movement to the left
A person takes a shower.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person walks forward.
A human goes 4 steps forward at a normal pace.
A person walks forwards, slowly turning to the right and stops.
Someone walks a right turn
human performs a bending walking movement to the right
A human performing a low kick with the left leg
A human kicks something with his left foot
a person kicks something in the lower front
A person is loosening and stretching.
A person gets pushed from left to right.
A person receives a strong push from the left side and tumbles to the left.
A person takes a few sidewared steps to the right to recover from a push.
a person stands still and gets pushed to the right
A person gets shoved from his left, he stumbles to his right before standing still again.
A person walks forward
Someone walks forward
a person walks in circle in clockwise direction
A person performs some kind of dance.
a person is dancing with another person
A person is dancing a classic dance.
A person walks around a corner to their right.
Someone walks a right turn
A person walks a 90° curve, its head hanging down
Person going an all fours and then crawling forwards
human kneels down and then crawls
A person is crawling.
A person gets in their knees and crawls 3 steps.
a person goes down on its knees and crawls
A person is crawling
A person is doing a diagonal step approximately 30 centimeters to the right and front starting with his left foot.
A person plays the air violin.
a person plays the violin with its right hand
Someone is drunk and tries to keep his balance.
A human is walking happy
A person laying on their hands and knees stands up by using their right foot first, then pushing off it to stay balanced.
A person rises to upright stance from resting on all fours
A person is getting up from a kneeling position.
A crawling person stands up.
someone throws his knees and hands on the ground  and then he stands up.
Person is playing guitar
a persons holds something with its right hand touches it along with its left hand
The human is playing guitar
human performs a motion which resembles playing guitar left-handed
Somebody knocks something with his left hand on something he is holding with his right hand.
a person walks forward
A human walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a persons drums
A person pats the space in front of him twice with both hands.
Somebody knocks on something with his hands.
A human makes a throwing gesture with the left hand.
A person walks in a circle clockwise.
A person wipes in a counterclockwise circle on a flat surface.
A person wipes a table with its left hand.
A person is running a few steps forwards.
Someone takes one step forward beginning with the left foot then drags the right foot behind
A person is jogging a few steps and stops abruptly.
human runs forward
A person walking in a curve to the right.
A person gets pushed in the back and recovers in 1 step.
A human takes a big step forward
a person takes one step forward
Person is walking and than walking back
A human performs a fast 180° turn on the right foot after walking forward
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right on the right foot and keeps walking
The human walks a couple of steps turn around and walks back
180 degree left heel turn
someone walks straightforwards and turn around with one foot, and walks back.
Somebody turns swinging around.
Someone swings their hip while dancing
A human runs.
A person goes to the right slowly.
A person walks a right curve
human walks in a circle counterclockwise
Someone is walking in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the left
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person is skateboarding by using his left foot to speed up.
A person walks in a circle.
a person walks a circle to the left
a person jumps on his hands and jumps back on his feet
A human is looking at the floor
A person stirs something.
a person wipes something away with its left hand
A person walks forward
A person is very relaxed 5 steps forward, arms dangling casually alongside.
a person takes 5 steps forward
A person walks backwards.
A man is wearing a hat
Someone opens a can and drinks from it.
Someone who goes on an trajectory.
A human walks with large steps.
A person walks backwards
Someone walks backward
A person walks backwards.
A person slowly walks backward.
A person walks 5 steps backwards.
A person taking a few steps backwards
A human is running away from something
A person walks and turns around on the spot
human goes forward, turns around partway, and goes back to starting position
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the left and takes two more steps
A person is pushed from behind
human is pushed from behind by an invisible force and counterbalances the pushing force by stepping forward
A person getting shoved from behind stumbles forward a few small steps.
A person is stirring something in front of him
A person is playing golf.
A person is golfing.
A human performs a hit with a mingolf club and swings the club in front of its body from the right to the left.
a person plays golf with its right hand
A person is performing a golf strike.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A human jumps in place. The jumping pattern resembles a game children play
A person plays a small guitar.
A person plays the air guitar.
Someone is playing an air banjo.
A person plays guitar.
A person plays the guitar with its right hand
Someone who stopped and started sprinting.
Someone gets pushed backwards.
A person gets pushed from the front a few meters back
A person walks while turning to the right.
A person is descending a staircase.
A person goes two meters forward with small steps.
a person walks down the stairs
A person walks down a skew plane.
a man is walking down a slope
A person knees down with hand support
Someone is kneeling down.
A person walks forward with medium speed.
A parson is walking back and forth with his head held low
A person turns on his right foot.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and keeps on walking
Someone walks to the right.
A human goes slowly 5 steps backward.
A person takes 5 steps backwards staring with the left foot.
A person walks backwards.
A person walks five steps backwards.
A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.
A person walks forward.
A persons walks fast five steps forward
someone is walking straight forward.
A person walks slowly forward and stops.
Someone walks forward
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person walks forwards slowly.
A person walking forwards, then turning on the left foot and walking back again.
A human walks up and down over small platforms.
Someone performs a dance.
Person dancing the
someone makes the basic step of the chachacha
A person carries something and takes some steps to both sides
A human is performing a dance sequence (probably a specific one
A Person is dancing.
A person dances.
Person makes motions as if having a kite.
Somebody balances something.
A human plays basketball.
A person is pushed by their left side, recovers and goes back to the left.
A person walks some meters and avoids and obstacle while walking
The person walks straight forward. Then something happens and the human perfoms a right jump.
A person swims butterfly.
A person plays the violin.
A person walks forwards.
A person walks slowly 4 small steps forward.
Person stumbles to his right side.
A person is pushed to the right and recovers.
A person walks and gets pusehd form his left side.
the person is making a short forward walk
A person makes 4 steps forward.
A human is walking 4 steps forward and is starting with its right foot.
A person takes five rather quick forward steps.
A person is turning right.
A human is walking in a quarter of a circle to the right.
A human is performing a 90° right curve
A person raises the arms and then goes down on the knees.
a person raises both hands like wings and then goes down to its knees
A person lifts their arms and then kneels
A person is hitting with the right hand on hip height
A human walks forwards, turns around and walks back again.
A person who push a swing.
A person makes two steps forward, turns around and makes two more steps forward
A person goes 2 steps forward, then turns around and goes 2 steps forward in the opposite direction.
A human walks 2 steps forward, turns on its left foot, walks back and ends up approximately 10 centimeters to the right of the spot where it started.
a person performs a 180 degree turn on one foot
A human turns around while jumping in the air.
A person walks forward slowly.
A person walks a circle clockwise.
A person takes 3 and a half steps forward.
the person is first walking ahead and then turning to the left
A person walks in a quarter of a circle.
A person walks four straight steps forward.
Somebody walks slowly straight on.
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person wipes a table.
The human cleans a table
A person is pushed to the left about 1 metre, then regains balance and walks back to their original position.
Someone gets pushed from the right
A person is pushed to the left.
Someone goes four and a half steps forward.
the person is first walking forward and then turning to the left
A person is turning to the left while walking
A person stretches their arms, does a pushup and repeats the process.
a human walks forward forming a lying eight
A person starts climbing some stairs in front of him.
a woman is posing
A person briefly raises both hands and moves them back down.
A human jogs.
A person is doing a whole turn.
a person wave with the right hand
A person waves his right hand to greet.
A person moves the left hand in front of the body in a half circle.
A person performs a circular motion with his left hand possibly gripping an object.
A person wipes something horizontal
walking with turn at end
A person takes two steps, turns 180 degrees and takes two steps back to the initial position.
Someone is walking forward starting with the left leg 2 steps, then turning around his right side facing backwards and doing another 2 steps.
Slowly walking and Turning on one foot
A person moves forward and rotates 180 degrees on his right foot.
A person walks 2 steps forward then turns around while walking and walks another 2 steps forward in the other direction.
A human walks 2 steps on one line, then turns on its right foot and walks back to the spot where it started.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and walks some more steps
A person takes two big steps forwards, swings around 180° and takes two big steps backward
A person makes a sharp turn.
Someone waves with both hands symmetrically.
a person waves with its two hands
A persons waves with two hands
a human is wawing with his arms
A person plays the violin
Someone plays violin
a person play the violin with the left hand
A human being pushed from the right
the person is  walking ahead
a person walks forwards
A person walks counter clockwise in a circle.
a person takes 4 steps forward
After a while the person steps to the side.
a person steps to the right side
A human is doing a step to the right while staying in the same orientation
Person takes one big step to the right side.
A person side stepping to the right
Somebody goes a step to the right.
A person who is flapping their arms up and down walks one revolution counter-clockwise and then takes 3 small steps forward.
Someone walks and turns on the spot
A person walks two steps, then spins around.
A person walks two steps forwards, rotates to their left 180 degrees into the opposite direction and continues walking for two steps then stops.
Someone walks forward and turn 180 degree and walks forward
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
The human perfoms a couple of steps turn around and walks back to starting point
A person makes a sharp turn.
A person moves forwards along a tile then turns right and moves forward along another tile.
a person walks to the right
walk turn and walk back
Someone walks forward two steps and then turns around the right side and performs another two steps.
An intially standing person takes two steps forward, turns around and walks two steps back to the inital position.
a person does a u-turn while walking
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right on its right foot and keeps walking
A person turns on his right foot.
A person walks 2 steps forward before turning 90° to his right and then walks 2 steps forward in the opposite direction
human performs a turn to the right while walking
Someone walks forward, then quickly turns around and walks back.
A person is walking
A person is waving.
A person walks counter-clockwise in an incomplete circle and stops facing to the right relative to the starting position.
The human walks a circle
A person walks forward
A person walks four steps in the forward direction.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps.
A person is walking forward.
A person walks in a circle.
a person is doing a three quarter counter-clockwise circle
a person walks three fourth of a circle to the left
A person walks forwards, during that the person is pushed backward, so he makes a few small steps backwards until gaining his balance again and walks on.
A person walks forward into an obstacle and recovers.
A person walks forward and is pushed slightly to the left.
A person is walking forward.
A person is walking forward.
A person walks forward.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A human performs a forward roll.
a human was walking forward as he suddenly disappeared
A human swims.
A person is pushed to the left.
A person moves along an edge of a tile then turns left and moves along another edge.
a person walks a quarter circle to the left
A person runs forward.
A person ran to the front.
Person running a few steps
Someone is starting running away.
A person sprints.
A person stands still, then runs five steps and comes to an abrupt stop.
a person takes 3 fast steps forward
A person starts running and stops after a few steps.
A human is preparing to go on all-fours.
A person has his arms hanging down, then makes a right angle with both arms in front of his body and lets the arms hang down again.
A human evading a punch
A persons leans back while holding his hands up
A person is in a fighting position and avoids a punch.
some one plays boxing and avoids a attack on the face.
A person walks forwards and turns to the left.
A person walks while gradually turning to the right.
A person turns right.
a person walks to the right 90 degrees
a person knees on the floor
A person gets on their knees and hands.
baby crawling to the front
A person gesticulates with both hands.
A person walks casually around and picks something up from the floor.
The human walks a left bend.
Person walking to the front
Someone walks forward
A person makes 4 steps forward.
A human performs a jump to the left.
A stationary human walks 2 meters straight ahead and then stops again.
Someone walks forward
a person walks forward a few steps
Person walking forwards
human goes forward, slowly and firmly, starting with right
A person performs some large forward strides.
a person walks forwards quite slow
While walking forward a person is pushed.
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the right
A person walks and makes an 
compensatory movement to the right side.
a person walks forward and bumps into something to his left.
A person getting shoved from the left while walking forward
human is pushed from its left hand side
The subject is throwing and catching an object
A person jumps forward.
A human performs a two legged hop to the front
A person jumps forward on both of his legs.
A person walks forwards slowly, strolling casually.
human slowly goes forward
a person walks quite slow
Someone performs a slow move around a corner to the left
The human perfoms a left turn
A person turns 180° to the right.
A person takes to steps forward, turns around on one leg, then walks back to the starting point.
A person performs a kicking motion.
A person kicking something in front of him on the floor.
A human turns to the left and  makes a low kick with its right foot.
a human gives a sidekick into something
the person is walking back to the initial position by following a circular shape
a person walks in a circle to the right
Somebody walks a circle clockwise.
A person picks something up from the ground using his left hand.
A person is taking four steps back
A person walks 4 steps backwards.
A person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person performs a golf swing
A human performs a golf drive.
a person plays golf with its right hand
A person walks around a curve. on his left.
A person turns left.
A Person is walking a quarter in counter clockwise direction.
a persons walks to the left performing a quarter circle
A person walks a quarter circle.
A person does a 90° left turn in five steps
a person walks a circle
A human with a paralyzed left foot walks up and down on a line.
A person walks clockwise in a circle.
Someone goes down on his knees
a person goes down to its knees
a person walks forward and gets pushed from behind
A person walks straight, receives a slight push from behind, and recovers from it.
Someone is beeing pushed from the back while walking forward.
A person gets pusehd forward.
a drunk  person walking
A person is skateboarding.
A person walks forward, during that the person is pushed back, than walks on.
A standing person gets down on all fours and starts crawling forward.
A human walking slowly
A person walks four slow steps forward.
a person walks forwards very slow
A person taking a few steps forward
Person walking forwards
Someone walks forward
Someone walks down a stair.
A person walks straight forward, then turns around 180 degrees and walks back again.
A human takes four slow steps forward
A person is walking slowly forward
A human looks to the right. Afterwards walks forwards slowly.
a person walks straight on and then walks up a step
a person walks straight forwards some steps
A person is walking forward.
A human  is walking on a line and up a step
A person is walking and than changes direction.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back
A person walks, turns and walks back.
A person walks while turning to the left
A person takes a quarter of a circle to the left.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
Subject walks in a quarter circle clockwise.
A person walks in a quarter circle.
The human perfoms a right turn
the person is waving the right hand
A person waves with its right hand.
A person waves with his right arm.
A person walks forward
human goes downstairs by stairs starting with left
A person takes 4 steps and than stops.
A human looking to the left and then walking forwards
A person walks forwards.
A person walks.
A person walking a few steps forward
A person makes two steps forward, then turns 180 degrees and makes two steps forward.
human goes forward, turns around clockwise, and goes back to starting point
a person walks a few steps takes a turn of 180 degrees and walks some more steps
A person is spinning around while walking
The human walks a couple of steps turn around and goes back to starting point
A person does one step and a fast 180° turn
Subject waves with both hands.
a person waves with both of his hands
A human waves with both hands.
A person dances a weird dance
A person performs the Egyptian move, first with the right hand front, then with the left hand front.
A person waves with the right hand.
a person waves with its right hand
A human imitates a chicken and performs a picking movement.
A person walks forwards four steps.
a person walks straight forward
A human walks slowly 4 steps on one line.
A human is walking a few steps
A person walks forward during that the person is pushed to the left and makes a jump.
A human is walking and doing a sidestep to the left since he is pushed
A human performs a jump forwards.
A person is sneaking a few steps forward and backward again.
A human playing a guitar
A person plays an instrument.
Somebody knocks with his left hand on something he is holding in his right hand.
A person walks forward while gradually turning to the right.
A person performs a squat.
a person performs a single squat
A human jogs
Subject walks forward.
A person walks in a clockwise circle.
Subject is walking placing its feet on objects
A person walking very carefully above a platform while looking at the ground.
A person walks over stepping stones.
a person walks over some obstacles
A person walks over an obstacle.
The human walks like a alcoholized person
A person sneaking while crouched.
A person is walking forward, slipping and falling on his back.
A person is touching down with his right hand and then reaching with the left hand to the right hand and afterwards making a step forward while having the arms a bit stretched forward.
A person tries to evade something small on the ground and lifts up their feet one after another.
A person kneels down
A person stretches the back by lifting the arms parallel to the floor and then kneels.
A person walks forward fast
Subject walks forward three steps.
A person goes up and down an object.
A person is walking around a corner by turning 90 degrees to the left.
A human stretches and performs a squad.
A person goes forward, turns around and goes back.
a person walks forwards a few steps and then turn 180 degrees to the right and then walks back some meters
A person wipes the table with their left hand
A person traveling with the right hand with a rubbing motion on a work surface.
A person wipes something
A person is wiping horizontal with its left hand on the same hight as its hips.
A peron stirring with their left hand
Person walking to the right
human goes in a quarter circle clockwise starting with right
A person walking a few steps to the front.
A person doing a big step to the left.
A human stretches and performs a squad.
A person hops 4 times on the left leg forward
A person moves forward, gets on their knees and hands, crawls a few meters, gets up and walks again.
A person receives a very strong push from the left side and tumbles.
a person gets pushed to the right side
a person shovels and picks up objects
A person walks forward while turning to the left
A person goes forward in a quarter circle.
A human walks a quarter of a circle to its left.
A person turns left
A person walks a quarter circle in the left direction.
A human goes straight forward.
a person walks forwards fast but no running
A person walks forwards.
A person moves three and a half steps forward, goes back and moves forward again.
A person takes four forward steps, than two bakcward steps and finally four forward steps again.
a person walks forwards gets pushed back and keeps on walking forwards
A person walks forward, then gets pushed back a little but continues walking forward in a straight line afterwards.
a person walks
A person is walking forward.
Someone walks one step forward, bends forward and uses his right hand to touch his left hand four times.
A person is doing multiple warmup fitness exercises like preparing for sport.
a human performs a back flip
A person stumbling to the left.
a person gets pushed to the eft
A person waves with both hands.
Person waving with both hands
A human wavs with both hands
A person wipes a circle on a waist high surface.
a person wipes somethings with its right hand
A human is performing a horizontal wiping movement
Someone performs a circular motion with his right hand parallel to the floor.
Someone running figure eight with arms outstretched.
a person walks four steps backward
Someone takes 4 steps backwards starting with left.
Someone walks slowly forward while stretching both arms straight forward.
A person running a few steps forward
a person walks 90° of a circle to his right
A person walks a quarter circle to the right, taking four steps.
A person is turning right while walking
A person gets pushed from the left and recovers.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from the left
A person walks forwards, performs a sharp turn and walks back.
Someone walks two steps then quickly turns around by 180° to the right and walks back.
A person plays air guitar.
A person walks forwards.
A person takes 4 steps forward
the person is pushed to the front while waking ahead
A human walks over stepstones.
A person walks over an uneven surface.
A person walks slowly 2 meters forward.
a person takes 5 steps forward
a human walks a few meters
basic movements for fightig
A Person raises their right arm like a bodybuilder, looks at their muscles and moves the left arm.
A standing person performs arm motions as if playing a violin that he is holding in his right hand.
A person is playing the violin.
Someone who describes something.
Someone walks carefully and maybe feared around.
A person is standing relaxed
A person being pushed while walking forwards.
Someone has lost his balance
Someone stumbles at walking.
A human shoots a football.
A person walks forward and stumbles
A person walks forward and is pushed to the left
A person takes two steps forward, then seems to fall towards the left, then steps back in line
a person walks straight but gets pushed to the left
A person getting shoved from the right while walking forward
A person is walking and gets pushed to the left side.
Person taking a hand shower
The jump persons a leap forward.
Lookig at his feet, a human goes circa 1.5 meters forward.
A person is walking slowly
A person is slowly walking forward.
A person walks very slowly.
Somebody walks slowly.
A person turns right and walks with his head lowered
A person lies on the back and stands up.
A person walks forward while turning to the left
Subject walks in quarter circle counterclockwise.
A person first walks, then crawls on all fours and then walks again.
Person looks around and then walks around a corner.
a person walks forwards performing a quarter circle to the right
A person walks forward in a 90° curve to the right
A person is turning right while walking.
A human sits down on the floor and stands up again.
A person walks in a counter-clockwise square while also stepping over an obstacle.
Person moving the hand in a circle to stir or clean something
A person wipes a surface using their left hand
A person is strirring in a big pot.
Someone is moving his left hand in a circular motion in front of his upper body parallel to the floor.
A kneeling person is standing up.
the person is shortly  running to the front
a person jogs forwards
A person runs 4 steps and stops
A person is making a jump around himself by 180 degrees.
A person is walking forward four steps starting with the right foot and performing a right-turn of 90°
A human performs a tight 90° right curve
A person walks a few steps forwards.
A person performs a punching motion.
a person step to the left due to a push
a person takes a shuffle step to the left and moves back to his starting point
A human walking in a circle clockwise
A person walks while turning to the left
A person goes to the left, where it passes through a quarter circle line along.
someone turns a left corner.
Subject walks forward.
A human is walking forward
A person walks forwards, turns around to the left and then walks forward again.
A human is performing a tight 180° turn on the left foot
Somebody rotates half a circle anticlockwise
A person is slowing down from running.
A person lurches to the right, crossing his left foot bhind his right foot befor returning to the starting position.
human is pushed from left hand side and counterbalances push by stepping sideways
a person stands still and gets pushed to the right
Someone walks forward and makes a U-turn
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and walks some more steps
A person turns 180° to the left.
A person walks few steps then turns 180 degrees and walks again.
A human walking slowly
A person performs seven rather slow forward steps.
A person walks forward
A person is performing material arts.
A person makes a wipe movement with his left arm.
A person standing still and then walking a step to the right
A person walks one step to the right to avoid something.
A person goes down and folds it's Arms
A person sitting on his knees is standing up using his hands.
A person dances the swing.
A human walks 2 and a half steps forward, one step backwards and 3 steps forward
a person walks forwards then backwards and then forwards again
human is pushed from front while walking forward
A person kicks something, takes a step backward and then continues walking
A human moves unsteadily, perhaps drunk as a lord.
A person walking in a circle to the left.
a person waves with both hands
A human walks backwards with a stoop.
A human who shrugs.
Someone drinks until the glas/bottle is empty
A person walks, changes direction midway and walks back to where he came from
a person walks forwards a few step the turn 180 degrees to the left and keeps walking
A person moves 5 steps straight forward.
Someone is trying to walk fast 4 steps starting with the right leg.
A person runs a few meters forward
A human walking
A person kicks with his right foot.
A person performs a kick.
A person walks forward
A person walks forward.
a person walks a few steps forwards
A persons walks forwards, turns around and walks back.
A person walks forward 2 steps, then turns around 180° to his left and walks another 2 steps in the opposite direction.
A person walks 1m forwad, turns 180 degree to the right and walks another 1m forward.
A person walks, turns around and walks back
Somebody turns around clockwise.
A walking human is being pushed.
A person walks forward when he gets shoved from his left and stumbles to his right before going back to his track.
A person is walking forward avoiding a moving obstacle.
A person is pushed to the right while slowly walking.
The human walks very slowly. Then something happens and the human perfoms a right jump. The human is trying to go back to his previous direction
A person hops forward with both feet for 4 hops, turns around hops back, turns around and hops forward for 3 hops again.
a person walks a quarter rightwards circle
A person walks in a quarter circle.
A person runs forward then getting slower.
A person joggs a jew steps, then it stops.
A person is walking in a hurry
The person holds his posture with bowed legs and bowed arms, like standing at putting his hands on a high table
a person jumping one step
A human jumps, turning 90 degrees to the left.
A person who is laughing hard.
A human runs, looks on the floor while continuing to walk slowly and continues her run.
A person goes one step forward.
human goes in a circle clockwise
A person throws something with their right hand
A person gets the right arm backwards and performs a throwing motion forward over the right shoulder.
A person is throwing an object with his rigth arm.
A person is playing golf.
A person walking forwards, turning on the right food and walking back
A Person is walking forward than rotates 180 degree on it's right foot and walks back to it's starting Position.
A person do a fast change in walking direction.
A person jumps over a hurdle-
A human turning right
a person stands and then walks quickly a few steps forward
Someone is pushed from the back
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
A person goes upstairs then goes downstairs.
A person walks quickly
A person walks forward.
A person is pushed forward.
a person walks forwards
a person is walking forward and doing a left u-turn and walks back
A person takes two foward steps, turns around 180 degrees and returns to the initial standing position.
A person jumps backwards.
a person jumps back about 20cm
A person jumping with both legs backwards.
A human performs a two legged hop to the back
A human jumps forward with both legs.
A person is getting on his knees.
a human goes down on his knees
A person reaches above to take something.
The human dances a weird dance.
A person standing still, then running for a few steps and standing still again.
a person walks forwards quite fast but not running
A person walks fast
A human walks straight.
A human walking in a circle clockwise
A person walks a full circle to the right.
Someone wiggles his upper body while standing.
A person zooms in in the air.
A person performing three jumps.
The subject is doing a left turn in 4 steps.
a person walks forwards in a quarter circle
someone makes a trun
A human winds up with their left hand and throws something on the ground about 3 meters in front of them.
A person throws with their left hand.
a person throws something to the ground with its left hand
A human is walking straight
a person walks a quarter leftwards circle
human performs a bending walking motion to the left
A person walks forward during that the person is pushed to the left.
Person standing and then stumbling forwards
Someone gets pushed from behind
a person stands still and gets pushed from behind
A person gets shoved
The subject is walking fast and doing 4 steps while walking.
A person runs a few meters
A person acts like a monkey.
A person is standing with wide stance and holding his hands up in front of his chest.
A person slowly walks approximately 4 meters forward.
Someone sprints forwards
A human runs 4 steps forward in a fast speed.
A person is running forward.
a person runs forwards
A person walks fast.
A subject being pushed
A person is pushed away and  tumbles backwards.
a person gets pushed backwards
A person is walking backwards.
Subject walks forward quickly.
A person walks fast.
A person is pushed from left.
a person stands still and then gets pushed to the right
A person runs really fast
the person is pushed forward by someone else
A human makes a small steps forward.
A person performs a single forward step after being pushed from behind.
a human walk in a circle.
a person walks a circle to the right
Someone raises the right arm, looks at  it and moves the left arm.
A person holds an object and wipes it.
a person plays the violin with its left hand
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person doing a 360 degree jump on the same place.
Subect stands up from kneeling.
A person is kneeling on the ground and gets up using his legs and left arm.
A person stands up from the ground
A crawling person standing up from the floor.
A person on their knees standing up
A person is waving both hands.
A person waves with his two hands.
a person waves with both hands
A person jumps once.
A human runs into an obstacle.
A person makes a step to the left side.
A person doing a cha cha move.
A person moves as if having a kite.
Somebody is balancing something with his hands
A person picks something up from the ground and using left leg as a counterbalance.
Subject does an evasive motion bending backwards.
A person is wiping a horizontal surface.
a man is wiping or rubbing something with his right hand
human performs a waving motion with its right hand
A person waves using the right hand.
A person performs a sluggish step to the left.
A person takes a wide lunge to the left and keeps his balance by using both arms.
Someone gets puched away from its right and trips to its left.
A person walking forwards and then stumbling to the right.
A person is walking 3 steps, jumping approximately 70cm right/forward and walks another step
a person walks forward and bumps into something to his left
A person waves with the left hand once.
A person walks down a slope.
A person walks forward, stops briefly, goes one step back and then continuos walking forward.
a person walks forwards gets pushed back and walks forwards again
a person walks forwards, stumbles against something and then walks forward again.
A person plays basketball.
the person steps to the left
a human makes a step to the left
A person doing 2 steps forward, while turning around on the second step in one motion and doing one step forward again from this position, so that it stand at the starting place againg, while facing the opposite direction
A human is doing a tight 180° turn on the right foot
The human perfoms a couple of steps then turn right and walks back to starting point
A human who seems kind of confused
A person walks clockwise in a circle.
A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A person bows slightly
human performs a bowing motion
a person takes a bow
A person performs an upper body bow.
A human bows down a little bit
A person walks in 90 degree curve to the right.
A human writes on a board.
a person does an imitation of a monkey
A human poses with the hand up and the knees slightly bend.
A person walking a few steps forward
a person is walking in a clockwise circle
A person throws with their right hand
A human uses their right hand to toss something overhand.
Someone strikes out and throws a ball forward.
A person throwing something with their right arm
A person walks forwards.
a person starts running quickly to the right front
jump and turn around 360
A human shakes its body step by step from head to toe and performs knee bending afterwards
A person doing a forward role out of a jump.
A human walks forward for seven steps and then stops.
A person takes eight forward steps on a straight line.
A person is walking slowly, looking down
A person is dancing.
A person waves both hands.
A human walks four steps.
A man bend down and looking for something
Person walking forwards
A person walks forward
A person is walking forward.
A person walks forward stepping onto a small podium.
A person walks up some stairs
A person is walking forward and stepping onto something.
A person walks up stairs.
A person walkes forward.
A person is slowly strolling forward and backward.
a person stands an gets pushed from the back
A person stumbles forward.
Subject walks forward.
a person walks straight forward some steps
A person performs a cartwheel.
A human is walking backwards.
A person walks forward at medium speed.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
A person makes 4 steps forward.
A person makes screwing moves like opening a bottle and then a drinking move.
A human is walking forwards.
A person moves both arms upwards in front of its body and then moves them back down.
A person is jumping forward.
A person walking five steps forward
A person is running forwards very fast.
Someone is running fast forward.
A person sprints forward.
A person runs forwards and turns around.
A person sits on a high chair, walks a bit around and sits again
A person stumbles slightly while walking backwards but quickly recovers and continues moving backwards.
human is pushed from front and counterbalances the pushing by stepping backwards
A human is pushed from the front
Someone gets pushed from the front and does two backward steps to compensate.
a person gets pushed from the front
Somebody is pushed back.
A person starts jogging upper body leaning forwards slightly.
human jogs forward
A person runs a few steps.
a person walks in a circle
A person exploring its environment with head moves.
A person walks to the left.
A human walks in a circle
A person is doing a pirouette.
A person performs one step forward and closes his feet.
a person stands still and gets pushed forward
Subject raises its right leg.
a person stomps on the ground with its right foot
A person walking forwards and then stumbling to the right.
A person is pushed forward from behind.
A person getting shoved from the back
A person hops forward about 20 cm.
Person walking in a circle to the left
A person walks counter-clockwise circle
someone walks a larger anticlockwise.
A person jumps with both legs approximately 1 meter forward.
the person performs a circular walk
A person walks in a circle.
A person walks a quarter circle in the left direction.
A person walks in a circle
A human goes slowly about 1.5 meters forward.
a man walks slowly
A person is doing cartwheels back and forth.
A person is slowly walking in different directions with both arms stretched forward like a sleepwalker or zombie.
A human moves his left arm.
A person makes a single wipe movement with the left arm.
Person playing the violin
human plays the violin
A person is playing violin.
Person makes a sharp turn.
A person walks two steps, turn around 180° on one foot and walks back to the starting point
A human walks four slow steps forward
A person squats down and stands up again.
a person does some squad exercises
A person does a squat.
Subject walks forward.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards quite slow
The human walks slowly
A person is performing a stretched jump with a touchdown rotated through 90°.
A person goes back 4 steps.
A person walks down a slope.
A person gets pushed from the left while standing and performs a recovery step to the right.
A person walks a quarter circle to the right
A person turns right.
A person bows slightly
A person makes a bow.
A person bows.
A person takes a bow.
A person searching for something.
A person is turning a left corner
Someone is walking forward and then turning left.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left
a person tunes left
a person is waiting
A human walks up stairs, walks down backwards and walks up and down stairs.
A person turns right with medium speed.
A person walks slowly forward
A person slowly walking forward
a person walks forward and gets pushed from the back
a person steps fast to the left due to strong push
A person perfoms a fast step to his left.
A standing person gets shoved from the right and stumbles to the left.
The human plays air guitar and sways.
a person plays the guitar with its right hand
A person plays an instrument.
A person walks forward very slowly
Subject walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward quite slow
A person makes a motion like wiping a table with the right hand.
A person walks forward, turns quickly on the spot and walks a couple of steps back
A person goes 5 steps, two of them forward, and then, with the weight on the left foot rotates once on its axis by 180 degrees, and returns to its starting position.
a person performs a 180 degree turn on one leg.
a person walks forwards a few steps and then turns 180 degrees to the left and walks back a few meters again
A person walks in a circle clockwise.
Person doing a guitar move with the left hand
Someone plays air guitar
a person plays the guitar with its left hand
A human uses his hands to open, search and close an object.
A human jumping to the side
A human is performing a two legged hop to the right
a person jumps to the right
A person jumps approximatly 30cm to the right side.
a person hops to the right
Someone jumps to the left.
Somesone walks forward and makes a U-turn
A human is performing a tight 180° curve on the left foot
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and walks some more steps
A person turns around while walking
A person turns with his left foot.
human goes forward and turns around partway
A person walks a quarter of a circle counterclockwise.
a human walks a quarter to the left
A person turns left.
A person is slowly walking forward.
Person doing a handstand
A person performs a handstand
someone makes a handstand.
a human goes into a handstand position, and comes back on his feet.
Someone does a handstand.
Someone moves forward in a walk, performs a U-turn after a short distance and walks balk to the starting position.
A person walks two steps forward before he turns around and walks two steps forward in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and keeps on walking
A human walks in a left bend.
A human performs multiple fast punches with the left hand.
A person stands around waiting, occasionally glancing at their wrist.
A person is turning right.
a person walks to the right performing a quarter circle
A person walks clockwise in a small circle.
A human turning left
a person performs a turn around.
A person walks forward for 2 steps then turns 180° to his right and walks forward for 2 more steps.
The human walks a couple of steps turn around and walks back to starting point
A human walks forward while looking down.
human goes downstairs
A man shaved off his mustache in front of a mirror
A person is performing a ballet-like dance.
Subject walks in a full circle counterclockwise.
A person is holding his left and right arm in the air.
A human jumps with 2 legs
A person takes a step right forward.
A person seems to open something and then reaches for an object using the right hand.
A person turns right.
Someone is walking a quarter circle to the right.
A human subject sprints.
A person takes five rapid forward steps and comes to a stop.
A human starts jogging moving the hands up and stopd jogging after a few steps
The human perfoms a short sprint
A person jumps up then walks forward two steps.
Person walking backwards
Someone walks slowly backwards
A person makes 4 steps backwards.
A person goes to the right.
Someone is walking forward and then turning to the right side.
A human is performing a 90° curve to the right
Someone walks a quarter circle to the right.
A person does a few steps forward and hurries a bit
a person jogs some meters forwards
A person goes a few steps forward.
A person is walking forward starting with the right feet and performing five steps while turning to the right with an angle of 90°
a person walks in a quarter circle to the right
A person does a T pose and then goes down on the knees
A person kneels down on the floor with the left hand as support.
a person raises his arms like wings and then goes down to its knees
Someone opens wide his arms and then kneels on the floor.
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise.
A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
A human walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
Person walking in a circle
Someone walks around slowly.
walking in a small circle
The person walked in a circle.
a person walks a circle.
A person walks in a circle to his left side.
human goes in a circle counterclockwise
someone walks a anticlockwise.
A human running
A person is making one step right foreground.
A human walks backwards.
human runs for about five steps starting with right foot
Somebody runs straight on.
A person walking in a quarter circle to the left.
A human stands up from laying flat on the ground face down.
A person goes two steps forward, turns around and goes back.
A human walks a quarter of a circle to the left.
The human perfoms a left turn
A person jumps forward.
the person makes a short run
A person jogging for a few meters.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back
Subject walks forward spins around and walks backwards.
A person takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees to the right and takes two steps back to the initial position.
A person goes  approximately 1 meter carfefully one step further with his right foot.
A human walks forwards, then turns left and begins to walk the other way.
Someone walks forward then turn 180 degree and walks forward
A human makes two steps forward, then turns on his heel and makes another two steps.
A person is walking carefully and bent over with his hands holding up in front of his body forward and backward.
Someone who picks up a phone.
A human stretches with the arms over her head.
A person walks 4 big steps to the forward direction.
a person walks forwards quite fast
A person walks forward against resistense.
a person walks up a ramp
A person walks.
a person goes down on all fours and starts crawling
A standing person going down on his knees and hands to crawl forward.
human kneels down and crawls on the ground
A person picks something up from the ground with both hands and gives it to someone standing in front of him.
A human kneels down on the floor.
A person gets down on the knees.
a person gets to his knees while supported on his hands and then assumes an upright posture
A person walks forward slowly.
A person raises the right arm and moves the left arm up and down quickly.
the person staying on both knees is standing up
a person stands up from the ground
A kneeling person gets up, using its right hand as additional support.
Somebody raises up.
A human is making a 180 degrees turn.
a person walks straight some steps turn left 180 degrees and keeps on walking
A person takes two steps forwards, turns around on one foot and then takes another two steps.
A person walks then turns left slowly
A person jumps 180° counterclockwise.
a person sprints and stops
A person walking fast forward.
a person walks forward quite fast
A person stumbles forward.
a person stand still and then gets pushed from behind
A man stretch his arms and put them down,  and stretch out again with 45 degree, andddd I don't' know how to describe
walking up stairs to the front
Person dancing the waltz
someone is dancing the basic step of the waltz
A person dances the waltz
A person dancing the foxtrot.
A person dancing
A person walks forwards slowly, hips swaying.
A person walks four steps in the forward direction.
a human picks something up
A person walks 4 steps forward.
The human walks slowly
human goes forward
a person takes 5 steps forward
A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.
A person first waves his left hand then widely both hands.
A person is pushed slightly from the front and recovers by taking backward steps.
a person gets pushed from the front
A person turns 90° to the right at medium speed.
the person kneeled down is standing up
A human is kneeling an gets up by pushing itsel up with the left hand getting the right foot up first
A person kneels, arms spread to the side, and stands up, putting the arms down.
a person stands up from a kneeling position
A person gets up from his knees.
A human crouching a bit
A person lifts and lowers their arms, steps forward and repeats it.
Someone performs a T-pose, 2 steps forward starting with right leg and does a T-pose again.
a person has its arms spread then takes them down and takes them up again
A person stands with his arms raised horizontally, let's his arms sink, takes two steps and raises his arms again.
A person runs at a moderate speed.
A person is running forward.
A person is running with a little steplength.
a person runs forwards
The human is running
A human runs and jumps over an obstacle and continues her run.
A human running
A person runs fast.
a person runs fast forwards
A person performs circling motions with both hands.
Person lifting a lightweight item (a key?)
a human peforms a pose like while doing knee bends
A person performs a single step and then stops.
A human sprints
A person makes a few fast steps forward, a bit like running.
A person is running a few steps forward.
The human is running
Someone starts running and then stops.
A person walks forwards.
A person steps 5 steps to the forward direction after being pushed from behind.
A person does 4 steps forwars fast.
a person walks fast forwards
Jump with both feet about 50 centimeters forward
Someone walks a quarter-circle to the right.
A person slowly walks a quarter ride sided circle.
walk in a circle
A person walks a circle in the left direction
A person walks in a circle.
a person does tidies up and cleans
A person walks a 90 degree curve to the right.
A person is walking in a right curve.
A person turns 90° to the left at medium speed.
A person moves to the left.
A person walks in a 90 degree curve to the right.
A person walks four steps forward.
A person stands up from a kneeling position with support of the right hand.
the person is standing up with the support of left hand
Someone is standing up while kneeling.
A person knees on the ground, then he stands up.
A person receives a strong push from the right.
the person is walking back and forth
A person is doing a recovery step
Subject jumps once.
A person jumps straight upwards.
A person does a jump about 10cm straight upwards
A humans performs a jump with both feet.
A person jumps with both feet about 20 centimeters high.
A person performs an upright jump.
A person jumps about 10 centimeters into the air
A person is walking carefully avoiding obstacles.
a person is moving along some obstacles
Person jumping to the right, pushing something with his left hand
A human walking backwards.
a person is playing the guitar
Someone plays guitar with his left hand.
A human steps over a small obstacle.
A person kicks into the air with the left foot.
a person gets his cover up and performs a push kick with his left foot
Someone is holding up his fists and kicking with his left leg.
A person is pushed back
Someone gets pushed from the front
A human  is doing stretching
